```json
{
  "aries_1": {
    "title": "Aries 1",
    "summary": "Combat, new beginnings, and aggressive physical strength.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a sturdy man in animal skins wielding a club, indicating aggressiveness and physical strength. Kozminsky depicts a ball of fire over a rainbow, symbolizing daring action. Henson and Matthews associate this degree with combat, ego, and a drive to be first. Weber emphasizes new beginnings, lofty ambitions, and fiery strength."
  },
  "aries_2": {
    "title": "Aries 2",
    "summary": "Scientific orientation and potential for self-destruction.",
    "fullText": "Henson links this degree to mathematics, science, and the surgeon, warning of self-destruction through brute force."
  },
  "aries_5": {
    "title": "Aries 5",
    "summary": "False security and a reliance on materialism.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this with a feudal knight on castle walls defying an armed crowd, representing false security and a reliance on materialistic things."
  },
  "aries_7": {
    "title": "Aries 7",
    "summary": "A spiritual nature struggling with self-confidence and ambition.",
    "fullText": "Henson associates this with loggers, butchers, and unsatisfied ambitions. Muir notes a deep spiritual nature that battles between pride and spirit due to a lack of self-confidence."
  },
  "aries_8": {
    "title": "Aries 8",
    "summary": "Moral bravery paired with artistic or meticulous skill.",
    "fullText": "Henson connects this to dancers, dentists, and sculptors, warning of sarcasm and impulsiveness if afflicted. Muir highlights a keen mentality capable of moral bravery, but warns of a subtle and revengeful nature if undeveloped."
  },
  "aries_9": {
    "title": "Aries 9",
    "summary": "Courageous but rambling philosopher seeking attention.",
    "fullText": "Henson links this degree to soldiers, gunsmiths, and courage, but warns of notoriety or violence. Muir describes a rambling philosopher who craves attention and must learn self-forgetfulness to achieve true honor."
  },
  "aries_10": {
    "title": "Aries 10",
    "summary": "A winning spiritual nature attracting success.",
    "fullText": "Muir notes this degree has the power to attract friends through a winning spiritual nature, allowing one to rise to great heights."
  },
  "aries_11": {
    "title": "Aries 11",
    "summary": "Scientific advancement combined with deep empathy.",
    "fullText": "Muir describes someone capable of great scientific advancement who is also keenly sympathetic to sorrow and bereavement."
  },
  "aries_12": {
    "title": "Aries 12",
    "summary": "Eccentricity and a path of martyrdom or suffering.",
    "fullText": "Charubel symbolizes this as a labyrinth, denoting a highly eccentric and self-willed person who may clash with ruling powers. Muir describes a martyr who is resigned to suffering but ultimately reaches high spirituality."
  },
  "aries_13": {
    "title": "Aries 13",
    "summary": "Testing of loyalty and the clearing of fog.",
    "fullText": "Charubel visualizes an inverted triangle in a dark fog that eventually clears to bright blue and gold. Muir notes that ambition may tempt abandonment, but loyalty leads to success and honor."
  },
  "aries_14": {
    "title": "Aries 14",
    "summary": "Leadership and guiding others towards the light.",
    "fullText": "Muir describes someone who sees a light and expects others to follow, but warns they must ensure the light is true to avoid betrayal."
  },
  "aries_16": {
    "title": "Aries 16",
    "summary": "Persuasive oratory, rhythm, and a love for home.",
    "fullText": "Henson associates this degree with persuasive oratory, public life, music, and an underlying love for family and home."
  },
  "aries_17": {
    "title": "Aries 17",
    "summary": "Metaphysical interests and the occult.",
    "fullText": "Henson and Matthews describe a profound interest in metaphysics, spiritualism, magic, and the occult."
  },
  "aries_18": {
    "title": "Aries 18",
    "summary": "Romance, emotionalism, and poetic expression.",
    "fullText": "Matthews links this degree to romance, sex, and emotionalism, noting it is often found in the charts of novelists or poets."
  },
  "aries_19": {
    "title": "Aries 19",
    "summary": "Dynamic force and creative concentration.",
    "fullText": "Matthews titles this 'Dynamic Force,' denoting a noble, sincere creator capable of great concentration."
  },
  "aries_20": {
    "title": "Aries 20",
    "summary": "An adventurous pioneer prepared for challenges.",
    "fullText": "Janduz symbolizes this with an armed man in uniform prepared for a difficult trip, reflecting a cautious, intelligent, and adventurous character suited for pioneering projects and exploration."
  },
  "aries_21": {
    "title": "Aries 21",
    "summary": "Cooperative nature and a desire for attachment.",
    "fullText": "Weber describes a self-conscious, expansive, and cooperative nature that enjoys success through gaining friends and making personal sacrifices out of a desire for attachment."
  },
  "aries_22": {
    "title": "Aries 22",
    "summary": "Amusement, dancing, and modest participation.",
    "fullText": "Charubel visualizes a large ballroom or place of amusement, denoting someone who takes an active part in such callings but may not necessarily achieve greatness."
  },
  "aries_23": {
    "title": "Aries 23",
    "summary": "A notorious character wielding baneful influence.",
    "fullText": "Charubel describes a comet pointing towards earth, warning of a notorious character whose influence may prove baneful to others."
  },
  "aries_26": {
    "title": "Aries 26",
    "summary": "Inspired genius, travel, and literature.",
    "fullText": "Henson associates this degree with literature, exploration, travel, and a peace-loving artist or inspired genius."
  },
  "aries_27": {
    "title": "Aries 27",
    "summary": "Military leadership and determined preparedness.",
    "fullText": "Henson links this to great soldiers, militant leaders, and opposition, highlighting determination, preparedness, and eventual success."
  },
  "aries_28": {
    "title": "Aries 28",
    "summary": "Exuberant generosity and tenacity of purpose.",
    "fullText": "Henson notes tenacity of purpose and military leanings. Janduz visualizes a lavishly dressed woman with welcoming arms, denoting an exuberant, gifted character whose generous nature attracts powerful friends and protectors."
  },
  "aries_29": {
    "title": "Aries 29",
    "summary": "Independent philosophy and overcoming obstacles.",
    "fullText": "Henson associates this with philosophy, novelty, and awe. Janduz symbolizes a strong man cutting a tree with a book nearby, reflecting an independent, helpful character who overcomes obstacles and achieves notoriety in forestry or intellectual pursuits."
  },
  "aries_30": {
    "title": "Aries 30",
    "summary": "Musical prosperity and the realization of ideals.",
    "fullText": "Henson links this degree to music, prosperity in marriage, and the power to realize lofty ideals, though warning of sudden change or treachery if afflicted."
  },
  "taurus_1": {
    "title": "Taurus 1",
    "summary": "A strategic, protective nature capable of overcoming intense strife and preserving self-worth.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as a woman with a sword or an athlete grappling a bull, denoting a clever, self-preserving, and combative character who overcomes obstacles through diplomacy and strength [1, 2]. Charubel envisions a dark diamond, reflecting a reserved or magical will, while Kozminsky and Henson highlight a strategic, poetic mind capable of perceiving new orders despite early-life fragilities [3-5]. Muir adds that success comes from high ideals, though inconsistency can detract from it [6]."
  },
  "taurus_2": {
    "title": "Taurus 2",
    "summary": "A generous, isolated, or self-sacrificing character driven by inner strength.",
    "fullText": "Henson describes a magnanimous, loyal personality above petty concerns [4]. Conversely, Charubel and Janduz warn of isolation, laziness, and overblown ambitions that lead to failure if left unchecked [2, 7]. Muir emphasizes a willingness to make great sacrifices to obtain deeper knowledge of life's mysteries, while Kozminsky envisions a crowned heart on a barren rock, indicating love and inner strength surviving in harsh conditions [5, 8]."
  },
  "taurus_3": {
    "title": "Taurus 3",
    "summary": "Artistic sensibility, good judgment, and eventual prosperity.",
    "fullText": "Henson and Charubel highlight a deeply artistic, sensitive, and mediumistic nature belonging to a carefree traveler [4, 7]. Muir notes excellent judgment and a knack for guiding others [8]. Janduz symbolizes this with a mature woman gathering grapes, indicating that true prosperity, success, and romantic fulfillment are often achieved later in life, during one's mature years [9]."
  },
  "taurus_4": {
    "title": "Taurus 4",
    "summary": "A destructive, intense energy that requires discipline and tact.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz use the imagery of a lion angered by fire, warning of destructive wrath, sedition, and domestic strife if violence is not controlled [9, 10]. Kozminsky envisions a circus arena, denoting a brave, magnetic, and public life [11]. Charubel and Henson associate it with strong masculine energy, plotting, tact, and the capacity for military or organizational leadership, while Muir highlights a strict disciplinarian [7, 8, 12]."
  },
  "taurus_5": {
    "title": "Taurus 5",
    "summary": "Contentment, hard work, and a profound connection to nature.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a benevolent man chopping wood in a fertile orchard, symbolizing a peaceful, patient character who finds wealth and contentment in nature and simple labor [10, 13]. Kozminsky and Muir point to a generous philosopher or benefactor who relieves the burdens of others [8, 14]. Charubel adds a love for company and adventure, while Henson links it to delicacy, skill, and the sense of touch [12, 15]."
  },
  "taurus_6": {
    "title": "Taurus 6",
    "summary": "Intellectual brilliance, artistic passion, and powerful communication.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a man on a dais or a three-headed figure, representing sharp intellect, scientific knowledge, and the ability to achieve great victories through diplomacy and varied talents [13, 16]. Charubel and Kozminsky associate this degree with passionate love, artistic appreciation, and the dispensation of justice [14, 15]. Muir warns it is a dual degree: one can either become a great teacher or merely reflect their environment [8]."
  },
  "taurus_7": {
    "title": "Taurus 7",
    "summary": "Superficiality or intense suffering, requiring moral endurance.",
    "fullText": "Janduz pictures a beautiful cow, warning of superficiality, conceit, and a dangerous propensity for lust and materialism [17]. Charubel gives a much darker image of torture and suffering [15]. Conversely, Henson and Muir point to subtlety, magnetic healing, and a deep romantic sensitivity to nature's finer forces, suggesting that physical or emotional trials can be overcome through spiritual alignment [18, 19]."
  },
  "taurus_8": {
    "title": "Taurus 8",
    "summary": "Obstacles, misjudgments, and the need for peaceful determination.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict an old man trying to fish branches from a flooded river, denoting a gullible nature whose lack of wit or misjudgments lead to financial and romantic losses [20, 21]. Kozminsky echoes this with a leafless tree in a gale, warning of formidable obstacles [22]. However, Charubel and Muir suggest that through peace, determination, and resourcefulness, these hindrances can eventually be overcome [19, 23]."
  },
  "taurus_9": {
    "title": "Taurus 9",
    "summary": "A benevolent, home-loving teacher who finds peace in ministering to others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as a portly, thriving man feeding birds or cattle, representing a quiet, trustworthy character devoted to home, children, and guiding the young [24, 25]. Henson points to a strong willpower, marking a born teacher or scientist [18]. Charubel and Muir warn of a tendency toward gloominess or being misled by trusting too much, advising that this native often works best alone [19, 23]."
  },
  "taurus_10": {
    "title": "Taurus 10",
    "summary": "Materialistic comfort, psychic intuition, and stubborn ambition.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict an ox sleeping in the sun, denoting a superficial, lazy, and highly materialistic character who finds happiness in sensual indulgence but risks trouble through excess [24, 25]. Kozminsky highlights a daintily dressed woman gazing at her reflection, indicating refined tastes and psychic or clairvoyant abilities [26]. Charubel and Henson add that this degree brings a flexible, mathematical mind paired with stubborn ambition and desire [23, 27]."
  },
  "taurus_11": {
    "title": "Taurus 11",
    "summary": "A degree of either extreme materialistic ambition and shrewdness or selfless devotion to humanity.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a crowned man seated amongst wealth, indicating a shrewd, ambitious nature that achieves high status but risks being perceived as greedy [1, 2]. Conversely, Kozminsky and Muir describe a selfless benefactor or monk who is ever ready to help a neighbor in need [3, 4]. Charubel warns of dashed expectations and disappointment [5], while Henson notes a carefree, artistic, and passionate Bohemian character with a strong imagination [6]."
  },
  "taurus_12": {
    "title": "Taurus 12",
    "summary": "A peaceful, graceful nature driven by an earnest desire to work hard and please others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict butterflies resting on a bright flower, denoting a sympathetic, graceful, and deeply peaceful nature that delights in pleasing others [2, 7]. Charubel and Kozminsky highlight a strong work ethic, symbolizing this degree with a farm implement and a student of sincere effort [5, 8]. Muir adds that this individual aims to be an inventor but may struggle to bring ideas to perfection quickly [4]. Henson connects this degree to dexterity and energetic charm, though warning of slight egotism [6]."
  },
  "taurus_13": {
    "title": "Taurus 13",
    "summary": "A prudent and active defender of principles who may face intense trials or legal opposition.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky visualizes a frowning judge, warning of potential prejudice, legal battles, and the struggle to defend one's principles against the masses [8]. Muir echoes this need to avoid legal affairs while defending unpopular ideas [4]. Charubel warns of terrible trials and a mysterious end, symbolized by a broken anchor [5, 9]. Conversely, Henson points to a prudent individual with real ability in business or healing who genuinely appreciates the other side of the story [10]."
  },
  "taurus_14": {
    "title": "Taurus 14",
    "summary": "A lover of peace and occult knowledge who possesses deep magnetic or persuasive power.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky and Muir describe a deep love of peace and harmony, noting strong magnetic healing powers and an urge to mediate quarrels [4, 11]. Charubel and Janduz highlight a reserved recluse or humble worker guarding a dark cavern or shop, indicating a possessor of hidden occult knowledge [9, 12]. Henson associates this degree with super salesmen, powerful oratory, and adept propaganda, indicating someone who uses communication to influence others [10]."
  },
  "taurus_15": {
    "title": "Taurus 15",
    "summary": "A sympathetic seeker of divine mysteries who must avoid dangerous physical or emotional indulgence.",
    "fullText": "Charubel and Kozminsky symbolize this degree with a student seeking light at a cavern and a crystal-clear well in a barren landscape, denoting a truly good person with implicit faith and a desire to unravel divine mysteries [9, 11, 13]. Muir echoes this broadminded sympathy toward religion [14]. However, Henson warns of potential disease, disgrace, or ruin from beasts, while Janduz describes a hoary augur with a bold, icy temper who may act as a prophet [10, 15, 16]."
  },
  "taurus_16": {
    "title": "Taurus 16",
    "summary": "Early advantages and a convivial spirit that can be jeopardized by a false sense of security.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture cows unaware of a stalking tiger, warning that a false sense of security or unexpected enemies may bring sudden ruin to a prosperous life [17, 18]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a merry, convivial spirit who loves the good things in life and is favored by influential people [14, 19]. Henson notes a hardworking, shrewd person who operates under pressure and keeps their own secrets, but who would benefit from being more open [20]."
  },
  "taurus_17": {
    "title": "Taurus 17",
    "summary": "An independent, restless wanderer who struggles persistently against the current of society.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as a man swimming against the current, reflecting a life of toil, unpopularity, and stubborn struggle against entrenched routine [17, 18]. Kozminsky and Muir depict a free-spirited, wandering sea-gull who rebels against restraint and is unfitted for regular daily life [14, 19]. Henson adds that this original, restless individual possesses strong musical or artistic ability and wields considerable influence, despite facing sudden falls or obstacles [20]."
  },
  "taurus_18": {
    "title": "Taurus 18",
    "summary": "A highly combative, martial disposition prone to frequent arguments and physical strife.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial, Janduz, and Kozminsky universally associate this degree with conflict, depicting furiously fighting bulls or charging knights, symbolizing a petulant, warlike character ready to battle over the slightest provocation [18, 21-23]. Charubel also warns of a savage, untamed nature requiring strict discipline [13]. Muir tempers this slightly, describing a conqueror who simply must win arguments [14], while Henson points to artistic talents driven by deep sympathy and an understanding of vibration [24]."
  },
  "taurus_19": {
    "title": "Taurus 19",
    "summary": "A gentle, sometimes indolent dreamer or a highly ambitious genius seeking rapid ascent.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a woman lying passively in a flowery field, warning of an indolent, weak nature that misses opportunities due to sheer laziness [21, 23]. Kozminsky and Muir describe an archer shooting at the moon, representing a foolhardy individual whose unrealistic ambitions lead to unpopularity [14, 22, 25]. Conversely, Charubel and Henson view this as the mark of a great genius who rises from humble beginnings to vast renown through a steady process of unfoldment [13, 24]."
  },
  "taurus_20": {
    "title": "Taurus 20",
    "summary": "A self-made, original thinker capable of tremendous heights, or a crafty meddler.",
    "fullText": "Charubel, Kozminsky, and Muir symbolize this degree with flags on mountain peaks and soaring eagles, denoting a highly ambitious, self-reliant individual who gains renown, respect, and immense success [25-27]. Henson echoes this, highlighting originality, creative genius, and the ability to surmount massive difficulties [24]. However, Sepharial and Janduz warn of a crafty, envious nature symbolized by a scheming crow, indicating a tendency toward malicious gossip that ultimately backfires [28, 29]."
  },
  "taurus_21": {
    "title": "Taurus 21",
    "summary": "A blend of careful vigilance, practical utility, and the potential for public popularity or sporting success.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as an owl watching a snake, denoting a silent, methodical, and clear-sighted character who must anticipate hidden enemies. Kozminsky and Muir view it as a fortunate, generous sportsman who uses excellent judgment to evaluate values. Charubel points to an analytical mind suited for chemistry or reasoning, while Henson notes high intelligence and potential in medical or oratorical fields. Overall, this degree blends careful vigilance with practical utility and popularity."
  },
  "taurus_22": {
    "title": "Taurus 22",
    "summary": "A dexterous, magnetic individual who works diligently and brings light, healing, and peace to others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a rich grassy field with a tree and bees, indicating diligence, thrift, and success attained through steady utility. Kozminsky envisions a hand holding a torch, representing a magnetic light-bearer whose mission is to guide others. Charubel adds imagery of a pair of shears, highlighting an artisan's dexterity or surgical skill. Henson links it to fame, notoriety, and unique qualities. It is a degree of peace, healing, and hard-earned prosperity."
  },
  "taurus_23": {
    "title": "Taurus 23",
    "summary": "Great inner strength and soul force capable of conquering evil, but vulnerable to blinding ambition and sudden collapse.",
    "fullText": "This degree presents a stark contrast between great inner strength and the danger of collapse. Sepharial and Janduz warn of a king falling from his throne, signifying that blinding ambition can lead to a disastrous reversal of fortune. Conversely, Kozminsky and Muir describe St. Michael slaying a dragon, denoting a powerful will capable of conquering evil and surmounting monumental challenges. Charubel sees a smelting furnace, reflecting a large-hearted, sensitive nature with tremendous soul force."
  },
  "taurus_24": {
    "title": "Taurus 24",
    "summary": "A patient, often harassed worker who ultimately frees themselves for a greater mission, though warned against misplaced trust.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture crows in a dried-up river, warning that gullibility and misplaced trust may lead to depletion and ingratitude in old age. Kozminsky and Muir describe an escaped prisoner breaking his fetters, symbolizing a patient worker who frees himself from harassment to find better conditions. Charubel envisions a sun ascending over a dark hemisphere, hinting at a mysterious, world-altering mission. Henson associates it with doctors, humor, and a fearless, dramatic nature."
  },
  "taurus_25": {
    "title": "Taurus 25",
    "summary": "A powerful, independent mind that can lean toward haughty pride or exhibit brilliant natural talent unrecognized by the masses.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a rampant, growling lion, indicating a haughty, domineering nature that justifies itself by force rather than merit. In contrast, Kozminsky depicts a dense column of smoke with lightning, reflecting natural talent battling through difficulties to gain well-deserved recognition. Charubel sees a mysterious dark column, representing someone who lives unknown among men. Muir and Henson highlight great mental strength and intuitive theories that may be too advanced for popular acceptance."
  },
  "taurus_26": {
    "title": "Taurus 26",
    "summary": "Deep sagacity and original talent that can challenge orthodoxy as an iconoclast or foster deep domestic peace.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky and Muir describe an iconoclastic giant tearing up laws, marking a brave, dominating leader who contends against orthodoxy. Conversely, Sepharial and Janduz picture a fair woman leading a child, indicating an affectionate, peaceful nature devoted to domestic harmony and conciliation. Charubel envisions an elephant, symbolizing deep sagacity, secrecy, and self-reliance. Henson points to originality, higher mathematics, and a persevering intellect capable of bringing disparate groups together."
  },
  "taurus_27": {
    "title": "Taurus 27",
    "summary": "A pioneer in thought and invention achieving eccentric success, who must avoid the superficial or dark arts.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict an alchemist in his laboratory, denoting a thrifty, ingenious character who acquires wealth through eccentric vocations or inventions. Kozminsky and Muir echo this with an inventor admiring his engine, highlighting a pioneer who produces valuable work by tuning into etheric waves. However, Charubel warns of a dark cloud with hideous shapes, cautioning against dabbling in black magic or ruinous affairs. Henson emphasizes patience, industry, and a deep love of the soil."
  },
  "taurus_28": {
    "title": "Taurus 28",
    "summary": "A mediumistic or deeply scientific mind that requires careful cultivation to avoid vain, unrealistic aspirations.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as a man climbing a pole in vain, warning of conceited, vague aspirations that fail due to lack of competence. Kozminsky and Muir view it as a woman looking into a crystal ball, denoting a mediumistic nature that requires careful scientific or mathematical study to avoid confusion. Charubel sees a straight road, reflecting an evenly balanced mind and a happy, uneventful life. Henson connects it to public esteem, literature, and occasionally gambling."
  },
  "taurus_29": {
    "title": "Taurus 29",
    "summary": "A strict, organizing will facing a crossroads of choices, requiring discipline to overcome tyrannical or self-destructive tendencies.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a mighty man driving slaves with a whip, indicating a tyrannical, selfish, and dogmatic character prone to despotism. Kozminsky and Muir envision a man perplexed at a crossroad, continually beset by divergent forces and struggling to decide his course of action. Charubel sees a crucifix, warning of a life full of strange events and grievous accidents. Henson notes strong organizing ability and stoicism, though warning of heavy drinking or destructive tendencies."
  },
  "taurus_30": {
    "title": "Taurus 30",
    "summary": "Great forceful energy and philanthropic drive mixed with a love for luxury and cultural refinement.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a richly appareled man on a couch, denoting a brilliant, generous nature that revels in luxury but risks ruin through a love of ease. Kozminsky and Muir describe an ironstone rolling down a mountain, symbolizing a venturesome, forceful spirit whose great power must be directed wisely. Charubel envisions a rough sea and a lifeboat, marking an active philanthropist who saves many. Henson adds traits of clairvoyance, dramatic ability, and working with the eyes."
  },
  "gemini_1": {
    "title": "Gemini 1",
    "summary": "A degree blending deep capacity for friendship and cultural enterprise with risks of impetuosity or naive over-trusting.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures yellow flowers under a tree, representing security, peace, and advantageous friendships. Janduz echoes this strong focus on friendship and an open heart, though warning that unconditional trust may invite betrayal or marital unhappiness. Kozminsky and Muir describe a cultured, double-natured, and impetuous individual capable of directing constructive or destructive thoughts. Henson connects this degree to \"Enterprise,\" highlighting originality and precision in fields like photography, writing, and architecture. Conversely, Charubel envisions a blank white oval on a black background, warning of extreme negativity, misfortune in marriage, and susceptibility to evil influences."
  },
  "gemini_2": {
    "title": "Gemini 2",
    "summary": "A daring, intellectually aggressive nature equipped for deep concentration, study, and the fearless surmounting of obstacles.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a man scaling a wall or mountain with an axe or sword, denoting a bold, daring, and courageous nature that fearlessly overcomes obstacles to achieve success. Kozminsky and Muir emphasize a deep capacity for study, showing a military officer using discrimination to lead others without fear of strife. Charubel points to immense powers of concentration leading to unique discoveries in science or chemistry. Henson adds that this intellectually aggressive \"Original\" character may sometimes start more projects than they can finish or gain more than they can hold."
  },
  "gemini_3": {
    "title": "Gemini 3",
    "summary": "A highly artistic and idealistic degree promising great creative works, eloquence, and the capacity to serve or elevate the public.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky, Muir, and Janduz all associate this degree with high idealism, eloquence, and the fine arts, symbolizing it with a composer or Orpheus playing the lyre. They describe a daydreamer whose passionate love for music and beauty can sometimes cause chaotic personal finances, yet who successfully elevates the public. Sepharial similarly pictures a troubadour listening to a waterfall, pointing to a noble, dignified disposition. Charubel envisions a massive Corinthian pillar, indicating a physically and psychically strong character destined to found gigantic schemes. Henson highlights resourcefulness, adaptability, and the desire to execute fine ideas with precision."
  },
  "gemini_4": {
    "title": "Gemini 4",
    "summary": "A conscientious, highly perceptive individual who combines acute observation with deep spirituality and kindness.",
    "fullText": "Charubel symbolizes this degree as a profile with one eye in view, denoting an exact, sharp observer with great powers of perception suited for detective work. Kozminsky and Muir focus on the inner life, describing a serene, conscientious, and self-sacrificing soul eager for spiritual knowledge but often oppressed by the materialism of the world. Sepharial envisions a venerable, kindly figure who rises to eminence and positions of trust through their own dignified merits. Henson links this degree to \"Accuracy,\" highlighting a generous, energetic, and intuitive individual who possesses extreme precision and could excel as a magnetic healer."
  },
  "gemini_5": {
    "title": "Gemini 5",
    "summary": "A versatile and potentially daring character who may face significant material risks or quarrels on the path to success.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with men dueling or an arbalester, portraying an ambitious, warlike, and adventurous nature that stakes everything on hazardous chances to gain wealth. Kozminsky and Muir soften this, describing a gentle, romantic individual with literary tastes who strives against reversed hopes and struggles with material needs until later in life. Charubel views this as an \"all-round person\" who is neat, orderly, and highly efficient in reasoning, albeit slightly selfish. Henson links it to the \"Sense of Sight,\" bestowing great versatility and dexterity, particularly in literary or artistic lines, alongside occasional contradictions of fortune."
  },
  "gemini_6": {
    "title": "Gemini 6",
    "summary": "An analytical, scientifically or legally oriented mind characterized by precise reasoning and a thirst for research.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky and Muir describe an analytical chemist or retiring researcher who is cautious, scientific, and dedicated to progressive experiments. Sepharial and Janduz emphasize a deeply logical and impassive nature, symbolized by a woman holding a book and scales or a plumb line, denoting learning, sound judgment, and a righteous but emotionally detached juridical mentality. Charubel connects this degree to domestic pursuits and a fondness for animals as pets. Conversely, Henson titles this degree \"Revolutionary,\" noting a sharp, rebellious spirit that opposes the existing order and may attract sudden, violent events or injuries."
  },
  "gemini_7": {
    "title": "Gemini 7",
    "summary": "A remarkably serene and affable disposition that brings a soothing, peaceful influence to others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial, Kozminsky, Muir, and Janduz universally associate this degree with profound peace, visualizing a swan floating on a calm lake or a white ship on a moonlit ocean. They describe a generous, kind, and contemplative nature that lives a stable, quiet existence and exerts a deeply soothing influence as a peacemaker. Charubel notes this degree as a complete blank, implying an incomprehensible mystery. Henson and Matthews title it \"Intelligence,\" indicating that this degree governs books, grammar, and literary composition, granting the native a very smooth flow of language and expression."
  },
  "gemini_8": {
    "title": "Gemini 8",
    "summary": "An ambitious, highly active, and sometimes irritable nature that aggressively pursues commercial or political success.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky and Muir describe an ambitious, critical, and proud individual who seeks elevation and frequently ascends to executive positions through a strong grasp of human weaknesses. Charubel also points to practical abilities perfectly suited for commercial pursuits, picturing a man writing in a ledger at a large desk. Sepharial and Henson warn of a rash, warlike disposition, titling the degree \"Strife\" and symbolizing it with a burning house; this indicates an impatient, touchy character prone to stirring up disputes and domestic turmoil. Janduz adds that this degree is deeply dualistic and self-contradictory."
  },
  "gemini_9": {
    "title": "Gemini 9",
    "summary": "A commanding and capable intellect suited for high-level administration, problem-solving, and exercising authority.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial, Kozminsky, and Janduz envision a regal figure, such as a queen with a globe and scepter or a hand holding a royal seal, denoting a proud, intelligent nature fit for governing, diplomacy, or serving as a magistrate. Muir agrees, noting the capacity to receive the favor of high officials. Charubel and Janduz highlight a mind uniquely equipped for unravelling difficult conundrums and enigmatical problems, picturing a celestial labyrinth. Henson titles this degree \"Pain,\" warning that while the native is honest, sincere, and may gain riches through others, their nervous, critical temperament can make them difficult to get along with."
  },
  "gemini_10": {
    "title": "Gemini 10",
    "summary": "A deeply charitable, sympathetic character dedicated to healing others, though capable of immense energy and ambition.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky, Sepharial, Muir, and Janduz all depict a wonderfully compassionate and philanthropic character, symbolized by a hospital nurse or the Good Samaritan succoring the injured. This indicates a sweet, gentle, and idealistic nature that sacrifices personal desires to relieve the suffering of humanity, acting as a true healer. Charubel envisions a rapidly growing monster plant, symbolizing mighty energies and a fortune that expands as if propelled by magic. Henson takes a more cynical view, titling the degree \"Thrift\" and describing a person who watches their own interests closely, gains through partnerships, and occasionally harbors darker, violent tendencies."
  },
  "gemini_11": {
    "title": "Gemini 11",
    "summary": "A highly versatile and speculative degree indicating a shrewd risk-taker who must guard against excess and taking foolish chances.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial envisions a group of vagrants, pointing to an alien or wandering nature prone to excess and fleeting opportunities. Kozminsky depicts a noisy stock exchange, warning of a speculative tendency that endures pain for the hazard of financial gain. Charubel describes a financier with a somewhat deceptive edge. Henson and Matthews title it 'Sensation and Perception,' highlighting an agreeable, versatile character capable of demonstrating mind over matter. Muir and Janduz emphasize the need to use intellect to avoid the hardships brought on by gambling or trusting too much to luck."
  },
  "gemini_12": {
    "title": "Gemini 12",
    "summary": "A deeply analytical, logical, and sometimes overly critical mind suited for mathematics, mechanics, or accounting.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky pictures an accountant puzzling over a ledger, symbolizing a highly mathematical mind that demands strict examination before accepting any truth, often earning a reputation for being stubborn. Charubel echoes this with a vision of a crane, denoting an obsession with mechanics and dynamics. Henson highlights a high-strung, logical, and extremely critical nature that can veer into harsh sarcasm. Muir notes a profound distrustfulness, while Janduz provides a darker image of wolves devouring a carcass, warning of secretive greed and the risk of building wealth upon the ruin of others."
  },
  "gemini_13": {
    "title": "Gemini 13",
    "summary": "A restless, ambitious, and imaginative character who may struggle with scattered focus or face deceit from associates.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this degree with men cheating at cards, warning of exposure to treachery, deceit, and placing too much reliance on unworthy friends. Charubel visualizes a staircase leading nowhere, reflecting lofty aspirations paired with a lack of fixed purpose that yields little real benefit. Henson notes extreme restlessness, originality, and a fanciful ambition that often leads to arguments. Muir and Janduz emphasize a cunning but vulnerable nature that is easily imposed upon, strongly advising the native to discriminate carefully and make their own independent decisions."
  },
  "gemini_14": {
    "title": "Gemini 14",
    "summary": "A degree of vast intellectual power, travel, and wanderlust, warning against taking risky shortcuts.",
    "fullText": "Charubel envisions a geometric cube, indicating vast powers of intellect, profound philosophical reasoning, and the ability to leave a major mark on the era. Henson associates this degree closely with travel, long distances, and people constantly on the move, warning of accidents due to speeding or a lack of caution. Kozminsky pictures a man with stolen jewels, representing someone who takes big risks and may suffer severe entanglements from the acts of their associates. Muir notes that suffering is inevitable unless the native takes a definite, unyielding stand."
  },
  "gemini_15": {
    "title": "Gemini 15",
    "summary": "An incredibly adaptable, quick-witted, and restless individual who explores many callings but must maintain mental focus.",
    "fullText": "Henson describes a quick, adaptable, and ingenious character who follows many callings, possessing a prolific imagination that can make them either a great author or a confirmed liar. Kozminsky pictures a wounded soldier, denoting a martial, impulsive nature whose prolific imagination easily runs into useless grooves without strict mental training. Charubel sees a rapid inland stream, reflecting a turbulent, self-willed, and shallow thinker. Janduz envisions a woman unaware of a two-headed man, symbolizing an inventive but highly fickle mind overwhelmed by a constant stream of scattered ideas."
  },
  "gemini_16": {
    "title": "Gemini 16",
    "summary": "A sensitive, intuitive, and spiritually victorious nature that triumphs through peace-making rather than brute force.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this degree with a shattered sword before a stone cross, denoting someone who upholds faith and sacrifice above force, proving that true spiritual victory outlasts aggression. Muir echoes this, describing an individual who prefers non-resistance to war-like aggression and serves as a living example of its value. Charubel sees a man roofing a building, indicating a lover of peace and a promoter of community works. Henson and Matthews point to deep intuition, prophecy, and an emotional sensitivity that learns through pure curiosity and environmental absorption."
  },
  "gemini_17": {
    "title": "Gemini 17",
    "summary": "A highly imaginative or occult-oriented mind that must carefully focus its swift intellect to avoid blundering into conflicts.",
    "fullText": "Charubel envisions the breastplate of the Jewish high priest, denoting a reverential, highly secretive student of the occult capable of mighty magical deeds. Kozminsky contrasts this with a blind giant hitting wildly with an axe, warning of an individual who overestimates their power and blunders into useless quarrels. Henson describes a dreamy, impractical nature that may inherit a home or act as a teacher. Janduz pictures a fox competing with an arrow, symbolizing a swift, shrewd mind driven by high ideals that must sort through a chaotic jumble of thoughts."
  },
  "gemini_18": {
    "title": "Gemini 18",
    "summary": "An energetic, dualistic personality capable of immense bravery and sacrificing themselves for a noble cause.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky depicts a wounded eagle whose blood raises a new brood, symbolizing incredible bravery; feeling unconquerable, the native becomes a target, yet draws invulnerable power from their own pain. Muir describes one who completely loses himself in a cause, utilizing a bravery that utterly disarms enemies. Henson highlights an energetic, enthusiastic, and highly dual personality with a caustic intellect and vivid imagination. Charubel simply assigns the number 6, calling it a purely mercurial degree tailored for expert communication and commerce."
  },
  "gemini_19": {
    "title": "Gemini 19",
    "summary": "A romantic, deeply humanitarian, and sometimes unstable nature that may face extreme hardships requiring miraculous rescue.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this degree with a mountaineer in a storm saved by lightning, denoting a life of danger, difficult conditions, and severe surrenders that ultimately ends in a miraculous interposition of fate. Muir sees a humanitarian who willingly sacrifices all personal comforts to minister to others, finding ease only later in life. Henson associates it with profound emotionalism, ardor, and a path of romantic love that often brings sorrow. Charubel warns of an empty space, reflecting a weak character overly open to extraneous, destabilizing influences."
  },
  "gemini_20": {
    "title": "Gemini 20",
    "summary": "A forceful, deeply reflective, and potentially fatalistic character capable of reaching great eminence if they subdue sensuousness.",
    "fullText": "Charubel envisions a red tree covered in golden fruit, marking a highly positive, notable degree where personal effort produces something that blesses the race and leads to eminence. However, Kozminsky pictures a drunken reveler holding a skull, warning of a fatalistic mentality that plays dangerously with life; success requires transmuting this menace into philosophic power. Muir echoes the danger of fatalistic mysticism leaning toward cruelty unless sensuality is overcome. Henson notes a hardworking, contemplative nature capable of violent action and great honors that risk ending in disaster."
  },
  "gemini_21": {
    "title": "Gemini 21",
    "summary": "An active, quick-witted, and highly contemplative mind drawn toward mysterious occult phenomena and psychological exploration.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky describes an old man in a graveyard watching a spirit rise, denoting a deep addiction to spiritual phenomena, occult philosophy, and experiments that most would fear. Muir similarly points to an intense interest in spiritism that eventually evolves into the teaching of true occultism. Henson characterizes this degree as incredibly quick-witted, mathematical, and enterprising, particularly in early life. Janduz adds a vision of a woman feeding birds, highlighting a contemplative, refined, and generous nature that finds success in aesthetics, art, or poetry."
  },
  "gemini_22": {
    "title": "Gemini 22",
    "summary": "A gentle, theoretical disposition that tends to cling to others for support or business advantages, finding success through literature.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this with ivy growing over stones, denoting someone who clings to others for business advantage, carefully saving and accumulating worldly riches by recognizing and utilizing useful people. Muir echoes that this native obtains recognition through literature while others cling to them for business. Henson calls it a 'Theorist' degree, indicating inventiveness, mathematical ability, and a firm, unyielding stance on personal guesses. Charubel sees a bright sunrise struggling against a lingering night, reflecting early struggles giving way to eventual clarity."
  },
  "gemini_23": {
    "title": "Gemini 23",
    "summary": "A cheerful, mathematically gifted, and mystical nature that experiences a life of stark contrasts, relying on intuition or luck.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky pictures a triangular hill with one sunlit side and one dark side, denoting a life of mysterious trials where the first half is favored by fortune and refinement, but the latter half demands extreme caution. Henson associates this strictly with 'Luck and Guessing,' noting an uncanny mathematical ability and a propensity for gambling or inventing. Muir describes a shy, retiring, but generous nature that may fail to recognize early advantages, eventually turning to mysticism to solve later-life problems. Janduz highlights a cheerful, spontaneous, but overly superficial conversationalist."
  },
  "gemini_24": {
    "title": "Gemini 24",
    "summary": "A deeply sympathetic, charitable, and studious individual whose frank faith in themselves leads to intellectual achievement and glory.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky depicts a beautiful woman giving bread to the starving while receiving a glowing crown, symbolizing ultimate glory achieved through profound charity of soul, thought, and action. Muir describes a silently sympathetic nature that subordinates itself to a partner before developing universal charity. Henson highlights immense talent, verbal expression, and a well-founded faith in oneself and others. Charubel envisions a deer, pointing to fine, delicate sensibilities, a love of art, and a studious mind dedicated to scientific research."
  },
  "gemini_25": {
    "title": "Gemini 25",
    "summary": "An original, highly reserved, and mentally profound character who possesses a strong occult or spiritual mission.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this degree with a hand from heaven holding a pentagram scroll, denoting a person of immense ethereal and occult force who possesses a strict destiny and must absolutely avoid the world's lower material gambling schemes. Muir agrees, describing an occultist with a mission to enlighten others to life's true purpose. Henson notes a highly studious, reserved mentality capable of intense concentration. Charubel pictures a balloon, indicating someone capable of remarkable, flashy feats who ironically never succeeds in a single, grounded grand enterprise."
  },
  "gemini_26": {
    "title": "Gemini 26",
    "summary": "An intellectually quick but highly restless individual who may face unsettled conditions and must avoid yielding to deceptive allurements.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky envisions a broken trident falling into the sea, warning of allurement into highly uncertain, unsettled conditions where speculations prove fatal and appearances deceive. Janduz pictures a weeping couple by the sea, denoting a melancholic, romantically dependent nature prone to mismatched marriages or deep mistrust of the opposite sex. Charubel sees a spacious, mirrored room, reflecting a strict conformist devoted to high fashion and self-aggrandizement. Henson highlights an exceptionally quick thinker, dancers, and a tendency toward jealousy or melancholy."
  },
  "gemini_27": {
    "title": "Gemini 27",
    "summary": "A refined, diplomatic, and potentially melancholic genius who must actively exercise their will to overcome pessimistic surrender.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky depicts a man gloomily looking at a violin with broken strings, denoting an unsettled firmness that surrenders to worry and anxiety without real cause; the native must exercise their will to make even a broken instrument yield music. Muir describes a diplomatic but overly self-centered character who must cultivate willpower to bring out their finer side. Henson associates this degree with solemn, melancholic geniuses and astrology writers. Charubel sees a gilded star, warning of a highly superficial person who prefers decorative artifice over natural substance."
  },
  "gemini_28": {
    "title": "Gemini 28",
    "summary": "A hardworking, deeply traditional, and fruitful character who overcomes significant obstacles through indefatigable industry.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this with workmen building a railway through a barren land, denoting an indefatigable, prudent, and industrious nature that conquers massive difficulties to confer lasting benefits on others. Charubel envisions a baronial mansion, pointing to a profound scholar of antiquity who dislikes change and shuns new inventions. Henson echoes a deep fondness for traditions, antiques, and pride in one's community. Muir highlights a deep understanding that self-mastery is the ultimate force for betterment, leading the native to study the wisdom of the ancients."
  },
  "gemini_29": {
    "title": "Gemini 29",
    "summary": "An active, highly original, and spiritually gifted individual possessing magnetic seership, who must guard against cruel tendencies.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky pictures a child blowing a steel glove off a stone cube, denoting a character of profound simplicity gifted with magnetic seership and a deep knowledge of invisible forces that effortlessly repels aggression. Henson describes a highly active, impulsive innovator who succeeds precisely because they do things in a completely different way. Conversely, Charubel warns of a man flogging a boy, indicating a potential despot who abuses authority. Janduz envisions a wolf stalking a sheep, warning of an unscrupulous, cunning instinct for domination and betrayal."
  },
  "gemini_30": {
    "title": "Gemini 30",
    "summary": "A complex, highly observant, and adaptable nature that faces many unique obstacles and must carefully avoid deception or dangerous associations.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this with a maiden bound to a stake smiling at an angel, denoting someone whose scope of action is severely limited by fate; the life is filled with unique obstacles, strange feelings, and stumblings. Charubel bluntly visualizes an execution, warning the native to monitor their associations carefully lest they suffer for the crimes of another. Henson highlights a talent for emulation, imitation, and studying human nature, warning of hypocrisy if afflicted. Muir notes that this individual believes in hard work as the ultimate solution to all dangers."
  },
  "cancer_1": {
    "title": "Cancer 1",
    "summary": "A sympathetic, emotionally sensitive nature focused on home, popularity, and deep compassion for humanity.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a well-fruited vine on an old wall, denoting tender sympathies, strong attachments, and a life of contentment and fruitful acts. Kozminsky envisions a ring with a white onyx heart, representing occult learning, deep compassion, and magnetic serenity. Charubel describes a large clock with weights, indicating a shrewd observer of cause and effect with a gift for dynamics. Henson and Muir point to a sensitive, selfless nature that is at ease in public and highly capable in work that ministers to the needs of the masses."
  },
  "cancer_2": {
    "title": "Cancer 2",
    "summary": "A deeply emotional and sometimes indolent character who may rely on others or misplace their trust.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial symbolizes this degree with a dog guarding a bone from starving peers, warning of selfishness, indolence, and a tendency to live as a freeloader. Kozminsky similarly depicts a laborer watching others dig, denoting one who is content to let others do the work. Muir notes this as someone who leaves important matters to irresponsible people due to a love of luxury. Conversely, Charubel envisions a man watering shrubs in a greenhouse, pointing to a lover of nature and beauty. Henson highlights a pleasant, serious personality that may struggle with emotional confusion or jealousy if not properly channeled."
  },
  "cancer_3": {
    "title": "Cancer 3",
    "summary": "A mixture of deep passion, scientific curiosity, and a potential for emotional or material loss.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts a grieving woman with unkempt hair holding faded flowers, warning of strong passions that overrule reason and bring sorrow through the opposite sex. Kozminsky echoes this with a creeping plant whose roots are eaten by worms, signifying hidden decay. Muir describes a lover of the simple life who is often robbed by those managing their affairs. Contrastingly, Charubel envisions a deep shaft and a balloon, denoting a profound scientist conversant with both the earth and atmosphere. Henson highlights dignity, scholarship, and an optimistic philosophy combined with high ambition."
  },
  "cancer_4": {
    "title": "Cancer 4",
    "summary": "A sensual, pleasure-loving nature that must guard against extravagance, impulsiveness, and poor judgment.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a well-appointed table with the remnants of a feast, indicating an extravagant, sensual nature with a strong appetite for worldly pleasures that could damage their fortunes. Muir agrees, describing a keen intellect satiated by the pursuit of transient happiness. Kozminsky depicts a miner gloomily reading a newspaper on a gold field, warning against taking impulsive risks based on unverified reports. Henson associates this degree with a serious, independent disposition and a sharp sense of hearing or sight, but warns against violence and overconfidence."
  },
  "cancer_5": {
    "title": "Cancer 5",
    "summary": "A warm, intuitive, and sympathetic character who may be overly trusting or susceptible to betrayal.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial envisions a sapling bent awry by a storm, denoting a warm, trustful nature that often misplaces its confidence and risks being broken by the storms of passion. Muir echoes this, warning of an imaginative person easily led by others' reports into vain travels. Kozminsky pictures a man lavishly entertaining friends while a clown laughs at him, symbolizing a wastefulness that attracts false friends. Conversely, Charubel sees a person holding balanced scales, reflecting a just mind that quickly detects falsehood. Henson highlights medical ability, intuition, and an active interest in everyone."
  },
  "cancer_6": {
    "title": "Cancer 6",
    "summary": "A complex blend of worldly ambition, wasteful extravagance, and sharp, often secretive business acumen.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a gaudily dressed woman playing with jewels, indicating a wasteful, impractical nature overly focused on external show despite a good understanding of human nature. Kozminsky describes a crumbling Corinthian column, symbolizing strength and grandeur infected by a hidden flaw or fear. Muir warns that over-indulgence can lead to want, despite money being easily obtained. Charubel sees a tract of land mapped for a farm, denoting a successful adventurer. Henson links this degree to pawn brokers and misers, noting a secretive nature that can be prone to trance or sleep."
  },
  "cancer_7": {
    "title": "Cancer 7",
    "summary": "A fearless, strong-willed personality capable of either great tyranny or refined, diplomatic leadership.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial symbolizes this degree with an iron gauntlet, sword, and scourge, warning of a tyrannical, aggressive nature that believes might makes right and can be exceedingly cruel if opposed. Muir describes an intellectual writer full of expedients who must ultimately anchor themselves in faith. Kozminsky pictures a muzzled newspaper editor, denoting one who holds the secrets of others but may sway under material desires. Charubel envisions a single, beautifully tinted apple, predicting a rise to an unrivaled position. Henson highlights a physically fearless individual who appreciates diplomacy but may be emotionally vulnerable."
  },
  "cancer_8": {
    "title": "Cancer 8",
    "summary": "A highly public, charismatic individual whose desire for worldly pleasure requires careful self-control.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts a snake poised to strike a dove, warning of an extreme susceptibility to worldly seductions and hidden attachments that could fracture domestic happiness. Kozminsky pictures an acrobat performing for a crowd, denoting a resourceful, energetic individual who thrives on risky, public adventures. Charubel sees a man ringing a bell high in a tree, reflecting a love for publishing or broadcasting news. Muir points to a solace-giver holding many secrets, while Henson notes a warm, pleasant nature with a penchant for extraordinary flights of fancy and oratorical eminence."
  },
  "cancer_9": {
    "title": "Cancer 9",
    "summary": "A deeply steadfast, modest worker whose true humility and unique talents bring lasting success.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial envisions a peaceful village in a fertile valley, representing a modest, deeply good-hearted nature that achieves perfection and success through thrift and patience. Kozminsky depicts a painter at sunset in a forest glade, denoting a persevering artist who draws profound inspiration from nature's sublimity. Charubel sees a spider watching flies, pointing to a shrewd lawyer or detective. Muir describes a courageous iconoclast who undergoes many changes before finding public favor. Henson adds that this well-balanced, talkative individual often pursues several unconventional or picturesque trades."
  },
  "cancer_10": {
    "title": "Cancer 10",
    "summary": "A deeply maternal, magnetic nature that fosters growth and spreads happiness among others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a wide-spreading oak tree sheltering young shoots, denoting a strong, reliable, and industrious nature that provides comfort to others and reaps a fruitful, highly esteemed old age. Kozminsky sees maidens dancing with wildflower garlands, symbolizing a bright, joyous spirit that resists evil and spreads simple happiness. Charubel envisions a bulbous plant pushing through the sod, reflecting tremendous soul-force and magnetic will. Henson and Muir highlight an intuitive, home-loving character suited for teaching or mothering, who possesses a profound inner knowledge of eternal verities."
  },
  "cancer_11": {
    "title": "Cancer 11",
    "summary": "A highly intelligent, retentive mind capable of great scientific or literary achievement, but prone to destructive melancholy or plans shattered by sudden storms.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a dagger beside a skull or a caduceus with waxing moons, highlighting a highly intelligent, retentive mind capable of great scientific or literary achievement, but prone to destructive melancholy or extreme mood swings. Kozminsky and Muir envision trees bending in a storm, denoting one who plans carefully for the future but often sees those plans shattered by unforeseen tempests. Charubel and Henson echo this duality, pointing to a charming, magnetic personality that must actively guard against gloom, isolation, and dangerous entanglements with poisons or deceit."
  },
  "cancer_12": {
    "title": "Cancer 12",
    "summary": "An investigative, versatile intellect that delves deep for knowledge but must guard against extreme mood swings or explosive, hazardous ventures.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a caduceus between two moons or a man carrying a lamb with a hidden dagger, denoting an extremely penetrating, versatile intellect that can master subtle sciences or linguistics, yet struggles with dark, violent, or melancholic passions. Kozminsky and Muir symbolize an erupting volcano, indicating a venturesome, fixed character who embraces hazardous ideas contrary to the majority. Charubel and Henson emphasize a deeply industrious worker who focuses intensely on small details, yet whose quick temper or isolated habits demand strict self-control."
  },
  "cancer_13": {
    "title": "Cancer 13",
    "summary": "A determined, capable, and somewhat stubborn character who uses their versatility and iron will to achieve outstanding prominence.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a star shining over flowers or a crowned lamb, denoting a serious, determined character who finds great success and wealth through a deep affinity for nature, science, or astronomy. Kozminsky and Muir envision a crab climbing an iron spear, representing an undaunted, iron-willed individual who overcomes massive obstacles to achieve prominence, though they are often viewed as stubborn. Charubel and Henson highlight immense versatility and all-around accomplishments, suggesting a highly emotional, energetic person who is never at a loss for resources."
  },
  "cancer_14": {
    "title": "Cancer 14",
    "summary": "An ambitious but potentially indolent nature that achieves high status or material wealth through shrewd strategy, cunning, or commanding others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a dog or rat asleep on a throne, warning of an indolent, idle nature that loathes hard work but manages to usurp high positions through strategy, cunning, or palace intrigues. Kozminsky and Muir symbolize an auctioneer's hammer on gold, denoting someone who acts with intense sagacity and craft to secure material wealth, finding salvation only in forced work or guiding others. Charubel and Henson point to a person content with very little, yet possessing a singleness of purpose that can manifest as severity or cruelty in maintaining control."
  },
  "cancer_15": {
    "title": "Cancer 15",
    "summary": "Tremendous inner and outer strength of purpose, denoting a spiritually or physically inspired conqueror who overcomes massive obstacles.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree as a mighty Samson or Hercules standing over a slain lion, indicating tremendous physical and moral strength, tenacity, and the ability to conquer terrible enemies. Kozminsky and Muir envision a young man grasping a heavenly sword on a mountain, denoting an inspired individual entrusted with a high spiritual mission who leads by divine mandate. Charubel notes this as a blank degree of mystery, while Henson highlights a taciturn, capable mind suited for business or mathematics, warning of potential blindness or visual defects."
  },
  "cancer_16": {
    "title": "Cancer 16",
    "summary": "A high-energy, pioneering, and restless spirit prone to travel, discovery, or explosive reforms, acting as a lightning rod for new ideas.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe dazzling flashes of lightning, denoting extreme nervous energy, passionate executive ability, and a pioneering reformer who clears doubts and overturns existing beliefs. Kozminsky and Muir picture merchants on camels, reflecting a self-possessed, versatile traveler who introduces nations to one another through global commerce and exchange. Charubel and Henson associate this with artificial globes and deep studies of humanity, highlighting a hardworking, intensely active character whose ambition leaves a lasting mark."
  },
  "cancer_17": {
    "title": "Cancer 17",
    "summary": "A materialistic, pleasure-loving, and sometimes fragile character whose intense desire for luxury and wealth can lead to financial losses.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz envision faded exotic flowers or gamblers in a lavish room, warning of an extravagant, frail, and pleasure-seeking nature that lives beyond its means and risks ruin for superficial appearances. Kozminsky and Muir describe a hand grasping falling gold pieces, denoting a materialistic character who places wealth above true friendship, eventually losing what they sought to hoard. Charubel and Henson highlight a willful, defensive attitude combined with limited opportunities, suggesting that intense desires must be carefully reined in to avoid severe losses."
  },
  "cancer_18": {
    "title": "Cancer 18",
    "summary": "A profound, fiercely independent thinker or militant executive who doggedly searches for truth in ancient wisdom or tackles highly complex energies.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures an escutcheon with a harp and gauntlet, denoting noble aspirations, refined tastes, and a complex admixture of gentleness and irritability. Kozminsky and Muir describe an old man reading an illuminated book in darkness, symbolizing a profound, tireless thinker who dedicates their life to discovering truth and solving abstruse mysteries. Charubel and Henson echo this studious isolation, warning of a highly powerful, potentially destructive energy linked to chemicals or poisons, demanding that the native fiercely guard their independence while controlling their volatile passions."
  },
  "cancer_19": {
    "title": "Cancer 19",
    "summary": "A capable, freedom-loving character who may serve dutifully in obscurity or carve out an erratic, adventurous path that yields sudden fame.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a groom in livery riding a spirited horse, denoting a devoted, intelligent, and honest nature with quick perception, whose life is highly useful but often remains obscure. Kozminsky and Muir envision a wounded Bedouin in the desert, reflecting an erratic, freedom-loving adventurer who rebels against restraint and travels widely in search of experience. Charubel and Henson highlight a firm, politically inclined individual capable of doing great deeds that last for posterity, though they must guard against sudden disgrace following fame."
  },
  "cancer_20": {
    "title": "Cancer 20",
    "summary": "A highly brilliant, commanding, yet profoundly unstable nature that attempts too many ventures at once, risking failure without strict moderation.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize a waning moon and a disabled ship, warning of a fickle, unsettled character who undertakes too many ventures at once and risks ruin due to a lack of perseverance. Kozminsky and Muir advise extreme moderation, noting that while the native may have great abilities as a free-lance worker or writer, their instability constantly threatens their foundation. Conversely, Charubel and Henson point to a brilliant, commanding mind that naturally seeks to rule rather than obey, but frequently finds itself at odds with established authorities."
  },
{
  "cancer_21": {
    "title": "Cancer 21",
    "summary": "A commanding yet potentially limited character who faces challenges to authority and public standing [1-3].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial warns of an unsettled nature facing misfortune, symbolized by a waning moon and a disabled ship [1]. Charubel, however, envisions a king or commander on horseback, indicating a position of power and authority [2]. Henson notes a brilliant mind with an aptitude for many things, but one who faces limitations, is often at variance with those in power, and acts on impulse [3]. The overall theme blends immense executive power with the danger of sudden reversals or limitations [1-3]."
  },
  "cancer_22": {
    "title": "Cancer 22",
    "summary": "A highly sensitive, sometimes indolent character prone to superficiality or a sudden fall from grace [2-5].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a man asleep in the heat of the day, denoting an indolent character whose lack of energy leads to misfortune despite a happy middle life [4]. Kozminsky envisions a jeweled crown falling into the mud, warning of a loss of power due to false education or bad influences [5]. Charubel describes a proud, highly superficial person fond of artificial toys and tinsel [2]. Henson points to healing abilities and poetic idealism that emerge from humble beginnings [3]. It is a degree requiring effort to overcome laziness and superficial appearances [2-5]."
  },
  "cancer_23": {
    "title": "Cancer 23",
    "summary": "An adventurous, public-facing individual who surmounts obstacles to find elevation and peacefulness [2, 4-7].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial symbolizes this degree with a man standing on a mountain at sunset, having successfully overcome obstacles to achieve a well-earned elevation [4]. Kozminsky depicts fishermen pulling nets in calm weather, reflecting a peaceful, mediumistic nature contented with fate [5]. Charubel envisions a burly man in an apron, associating this degree with catering, restaurant management, or public service [2, 6]. Henson highlights a striking personality fond of adventure, enterprise, and the healing arts [7]. Success comes through patient effort and public interaction [2, 4-7]."
  },
  "cancer_24": {
    "title": "Cancer 24",
    "summary": "A masterful, charming, and sometimes dogmatic character capable of great endurance and artistic expression [6, 8-10].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a strong castle on a high rock with a crown flag, denoting a masterly, ambitious character of great endurance [8]. Kozminsky envisions a graceful dancer receiving applause, pointing to charming manners and success in artistic or professional fields [10]. Charubel warns of intolerance, symbolizing this with a highly ornate but small church indicating a strict, narrow-minded bigot [6]. Henson softens this by describing a seer or critical writer who uses their gifts for a good cause and possesses the audacity to be different [9]."
  },
  "cancer_25": {
    "title": "Cancer 25",
    "summary": "An independent, high-aspiring pioneer driven by intuition to achieve far-reaching influence [6, 8-11].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts an armed horseman moving across a desert, reflecting a self-reliant pioneer braving arid conditions [8]. Charubel sees a lofty pine tree, symbolizing a noble person fired with grand aspirations whose good influence is felt far beyond their own neighborhood [6]. Kozminsky points to a highly psychic nature absorbing others' thoughts, symbolized by the setting sun reflected in the sea [10, 11]. Henson highlights independence, literary talent, and the ability to carry out original ideas that leave a lasting mark in distant places [9]."
  },
  "cancer_26": {
    "title": "Cancer 26",
    "summary": "An eccentric, generous, and persevering character whose path is marked by meteoric brilliance and sudden changes [11-15].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a falling meteor, denoting an aesthetic but eccentric nature whose successes are spasmodic and subject to sudden reversals [12]. Kozminsky offsets this with a marksman who fails eight times but strikes the bullseye on the ninth, symbolizing an undaunted, persevering spirit [11, 15]. Charubel sees a gentleman in a carriage with ladies, warning of a kind but overly liberal and incautious disposition [13]. Henson adds that this scientific or mystical individual often experiences a meteoric rise followed by sudden, unpredictable misfortunes [14]."
  },
  "cancer_27": {
    "title": "Cancer 27",
    "summary": "A docile, peace-making, and sometimes yielding nature that must avoid being mesmerized by superficial glamour [13-16].",
    "fullText": "Charubel envisions a pear tree loaded with ripe fruit, denoting a person who abounds in goodness and acts as a living talisman for peace and healing [13]. Sepharial pictures a well-conditioned heifer at the plough, reflecting a docile, tractable spirit that achieves success through the guidance of stronger wills [16]. Kozminsky warns of a moth circling a flame, cautioning against a yielding will that is easily hypnotized by glitter and risky pleasures [15]. Henson connects this degree to agriculture and the ability to work patiently with nature [14]."
  },
  "cancer_28": {
    "title": "Cancer 28",
    "summary": "A harmonious, nature-loving soul that can range from a charming peacemaker to a cautious amasser of wealth [17-20].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts a beautiful country scene, symbolizing a harmonious, devotional nature highly susceptible to natural forces and beauty [17]. Kozminsky echoes this with an old mill-wheel by a lily pond, denoting simple desires, a peaceful life, and a blessed marriage [20]. Conversely, Charubel envisions heaps of gold and silver coins, warning of a frugal character who loves money for its own sake and risks becoming a miser [18]. Henson blends these by highlighting a cautious, determined nature capable of both agricultural and original artistic success [19]."
  },
  "cancer_29": {
    "title": "Cancer 29",
    "summary": "A character facing severe limitations, restraints, or hidden dangers, requiring inspiration to transcend confinement [18-22].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a tethered horse covertly approached by a tiger, denoting a subtle mind held in forced restraint and facing hidden, perilous enemies [21]. Kozminsky envisions a man in a prison cell with a singing bird in the window, symbolizing one physically or socially restricted but spiritually released through inner inspiration [20, 22]. Charubel sees a man driving a bull, pointing to success through dealing in cattle or earthy trades [18]. Henson notes an uncertain, unreliable nature that acts powerfully on sudden impulses or inspirations to overcome its bounds [19]."
  },
  "cancer_30": {
    "title": "Cancer 30",
    "summary": "A forceful, commanding, and fiercely independent spirit driven by an untamable love for freedom and destiny [18, 22-24].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts a young horse running freely across a field, symbolizing a willful, daring nature with a great love of freedom and a disregard for public opinion [23]. Kozminsky envisions a winged wheel flying across a green field, denoting a person of immense force and skill destined to rise to a prominent position through continuous motion [22]. Charubel sees an acute triangle with a cross, marking a commanding, lofty deportment and a peculiarly strong will [18]. Henson adds traits of clairvoyance, hoarding, and deep botanical interests [24]."
  },
  "leo_1": {
    "title": "Leo 1",
    "summary": "An energetic, spontaneous leader who may face indecision or changes but strives for authority and dignity.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a lion upon an elevation looking at a rising sun, denoting dignity, nobility, and strong leadership [1]. Janduz envisions banners fluttering in opposite directions, warning of an indecisive or whimsical character prone to mood swings [2]. Henson titles this degree 'Authority,' describing a magnetic, forceful personality who seems to know things instinctively [3]. Muir and Weber highlight an ardent, enterprising pioneer who thrives on adventure and relies on intelligence to achieve success [4, 5]."
  },
  "leo_2": {
    "title": "Leo 2",
    "summary": "An artistic, socially graceful individual who must guard against vacillation, superficiality, or deceit.",
    "fullText": "Janduz symbolizes a sad man seated before an obscured light, warning of potential depravity, loose morals, or a need for deep faith to overcome ordeals [2]. Sepharial sees a pennant, denoting a changeable nature [1]. Henson calls this 'Artifice,' describing a prodigal, vacillating person who uses others' ideas due to a lack of self-confidence [3]. Muir echoes this, warning of an artistic, inspirational nature tempted by plagiarism [4]. Weber adds they possess pleasing social grace but may be too self-absorbed [5]."
  },
  "leo_3": {
    "title": "Leo 3",
    "summary": "A highly observant, intelligent leader capable of profound patience and strategic action.",
    "fullText": "Janduz depicts a cat patiently watching its prey by a pond, denoting a shrewd, observant character capable of immense patience and strategic diplomacy [6]. Henson titles it 'Leadership,' pointing to a sharp mind that grasps complex ideas and makes the commonplace interesting [7]. Muir highlights enthusiasm and literary ability, noting the native will be courted for their occult or spiritual power [4]. Weber adds this person is a prodigious, highly intelligent leader who learns quickly but may lack inner compassion [5, 8]."
  },
  "leo_4": {
    "title": "Leo 4",
    "summary": "A cautious, determined, and deeply sensitive character who must navigate hidden dangers or personal jealousies.",
    "fullText": "Janduz warns of a snake wrapped around a tree ready to attack, denoting a greedy, competitive nature willing to use dishonesty for personal gain [6]. Contrastingly, Henson titles this 'Circumspection,' describing an active, sensitive person who seeks honesty and is deeply hurt by disharmony [7]. Muir emphasizes a powerful will and strong love nature, advising silence to prevent betrayal by trusted allies [4]. Weber points to a dignified, self-protective individual drawn to religion or the arts [9]."
  },
  "leo_5": {
    "title": "Leo 5",
    "summary": "A deeply analytical researcher or self-reliant individual striving for perfection and truth.",
    "fullText": "Henson titles this degree 'Learning,' describing a deep researcher for truth who possesses a strong character and may live a retired, patient life dedicated to intelligent investigation [7]. Muir advises that this native must use their own reasoning ability rather than implicitly trusting advisers, leading to a self-sustained and self-improved nature [4]. Weber notes a self-reliant, individualistic perfectionist who thirsts for the good things in life and strives to refine their own talents [9, 10]."
  },
  "leo_6": {
    "title": "Leo 6",
    "summary": "A bold, commanding personality with martial or athletic prowess who achieves success through courage and ingenuity.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a man riding a lion with a sparkling diamond sceptre, symbolizing a courageous, noble character destined for outstanding success, fame, and potential historical prominence [11, 12]. Henson titles it 'Prowess,' highlighting a martial nature, athletic ability, and immense energy that must be controlled to prevent ruin [13]. Muir notes business enterprise and the ability to triumph over worries caused by others through sheer ingenuity [14]."
  },
  "leo_7": {
    "title": "Leo 7",
    "summary": "A deeply intuitive, spiritual, and charismatic leader destined for recognition and superiority.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial envisions a scepter shining like a magnificent star, denoting a native born to power, eminence, and fame by means of a powerful will [15]. Janduz pictures an eye in a triangle of flames above a fire, reflecting an intuitive, spiritual character interested in philosophy and esotericism [12]. Henson titles this degree 'Fame,' describing a courteous, generous mixer held in high esteem by associates [13]. Muir emphasizes strong intuition and a generous, obliging disposition [14]."
  },
  "leo_8": {
    "title": "Leo 8",
    "summary": "A dramatic, proud, and idealistic character who balances materialistic ostentation with profound spiritual ardor.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts an aureole of clouds with a flaming triangle, denoting an exalted, spiritually gifted nature fired by divine ardor and noble ambition [16]. In stark contrast, Janduz visualizes a peacock following a nobleman, warning of a conceited, materialistic character prone to ostentation and snobbery [17]. Henson blends these as 'Ardor or Truth,' describing an affectionate, passionate idealist who wins eminence but knows how to protect themselves [13]. Muir adds a love for change and variety [14]."
  },
  "leo_9": {
    "title": "Leo 9",
    "summary": "A generous, sociable, and talkative individual with refined tastes who learns to find true inner worth.",
    "fullText": "Henson titles this 'Friendship,' describing a generous, talkative, and positive individual who loves travel and business, yet is often misunderstood because they do not fully understand themselves [18]. Muir points to refined tastes and an initial inclination to value external appearances until experience teaches them to seek true inner worth [14]. Weber adds that this native possesses a blend of acute business qualities and a stubborn, extravagant nature that enjoys pageantry and the good things in life [19]."
  },
  "leo_10": {
    "title": "Leo 10",
    "summary": "A versatile, fearless crusader for justice who possesses strong administrative skills and a philosophical mind.",
    "fullText": "Muir describes a fearless fighter for the cause of right and justice whose strong stances often excite the enmity of others [20]. Henson titles this 'Generalization,' noting a versatile, firm, and sometimes morose character deeply interested in the mystic secrets of life and death, prone to sudden friendships and estrangements [18]. Weber highlights a happy-go-lucky, socially active administrator who dislikes distasteful circumstances and uses confidence and diplomacy to succeed [21]."
  },
  "leo_11": {
    "title": "Leo 11",
    "summary": "A highly social, artistic, and out-spoken nature that must guard against over-indulgence, restlessness, and jealousy [1-3].",
    "fullText": "Janduz visualizes a white bull grazing near a reading woman, denoting a calm, benevolent character [4]. However, others warn of excess [1, 5]. Kozminsky and others picture a lavish table or a woman lifting her dress, indicating an impulsive, pleasure-seeking nature prone to self-indulgence or complacency [1, 5]. Henson notes outspoken, broad views, while Muir highlights a devoted friend who must overcome jealousy [2, 3]. Weber adds that this native has a refined, artistic temperament but may lack planning or focus [6]."
  },
  "leo_12": {
    "title": "Leo 12",
    "summary": "A highly fortunate, dignified, and socially graceful individual who seems destined for success and prosperity [2, 7, 8].",
    "fullText": "Charubel and Henson associate this degree strongly with fortune, visualizing a decorated sailing ship on a calm sea, indicating that whatever the native does will prosper [2, 7]. Muir and Weber note a sensitive, shy, but deeply fair and socially graceful character who attracts the good things in life [3, 8]. Though dreamy and impressionable, they are earnest in righting wrongs and excel in artistic, 'people-oriented' vocations [3, 8, 9]."
  },
  "leo_13": {
    "title": "Leo 13",
    "summary": "A fortunate, artistically gifted artisan whose penetrating mind can achieve excellence through cooperation [2, 10].",
    "fullText": "Henson titles this 'Artisan', noting a special talent where a trained eye and hand combine with idealism to produce excellence [2]. Muir describes a fortunate, impetuous patriot who blesses their associations [3]. Weber adds a penetrating, magnetic Scorpio-like intensity that makes them excellent investigators, though they must learn to cooperate and avoid being overbearing [10]. Charubel mysteriously associates this degree simply with the letter 'Q' [7]."
  },
  "leo_14": {
    "title": "Leo 14",
    "summary": "A brilliant, mystical risk-taker or spiritual idealist drawn to chance, publicity, and the occult [3, 11-13].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial depicts men tossing coins, calling it a symbol of 'Gaming' and risk-taking [11]. Henson similarly titles it 'Publicity', describing a brilliant, impulsive individual who takes chances and attracts public attention [12]. In contrast, Muir and Weber emphasize a deeply spiritual, idealistic nature interested in occultism, nature's laws, and traditional practices [3, 13]. Whether acting as a gambler or a teacher, the native possesses an undeniable mystical ingenuity [12, 13]."
  },
  "leo_15": {
    "title": "Leo 15",
    "summary": "A persistent, hardworking visionary who houses brilliant hidden gifts and original ideas [11, 12, 14].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures a large diamond hidden inside a mass of black rock, denoting one who must labor hard but possesses brilliant inner gifts that eventually bring fame [11, 14]. Henson titles it 'Superiority', highlighting good reasoning, original ideas, and immense perseverance [12]. Muir echoes this patient, plodding nature [3, 15]. Weber points to a fearless, independent, and socially warm individual who blends Sagittarian optimism with Leonine generosity [16]."
  },
  "leo_16": {
    "title": "Leo 16",
    "summary": "An enthusiastic, forceful teacher or leader who achieves high status but may find that power invites envy [12, 14, 17].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial visualizes a pyramid in a desert wasteland, denoting one who achieves high dignity and responsibility, but realizes that power invites envy and doesn't always equal happiness [14]. Henson titles it 'Teaching', describing a frank, affectionate student of life who excels at instructing others [12]. Weber notes a forceful, 'showy' enthusiasm that commands attention, while Muir highlights humanitarian ideals that are often frustrated by a lack of public response [15, 17]."
  },
  "leo_17": {
    "title": "Leo 17",
    "summary": "A deeply capable, self-reliant individual who stubbornly charts their own original, often eccentric, path [17-19].",
    "fullText": "Charubel boldly symbolizes this degree with a wild boar, denoting a stubborn, untamable spirit that cares little for polite societal norms [18]. Henson echoes this, titling it 'Odd' and describing an eccentric but highly capable person who ignores public opinion [19]. Sepharial envisions an architect, highlighting an imaginative mind that clothes theories in material reality [20]. Muir sees a natural occult leader, and Weber points to a durable, headstrong artisan who demands attention [15, 17]."
  },
  "leo_18": {
    "title": "Leo 18",
    "summary": "A brilliant, incredibly versatile, and perceptive intellect capable of groundbreaking discoveries or mastering multiple fields simultaneously [19-22].",
    "fullText": "Sepharial pictures gold miners discovering a new metal, while Kozminsky envisions a bright mirror reflecting the Sun; both denote an exceptionally brilliant, inventive intellect capable of groundbreaking discoveries [20-22]. Henson titles it 'Expansion', highlighting a dual personality capable of managing completely different projects simultaneously [19]. Charubel notes a plodding sobriety that inevitably rises above humble beginnings, and Weber emphasizes a perfectionist mind perfectly suited for accounting, organization, and humanitarian service [18, 23]."
  },
  "leo_19": {
    "title": "Leo 19",
    "summary": "An intensely independent, prophetic rebel who faces formidable headwinds but possesses the dramatic force to persist [21, 23-25].",
    "fullText": "Henson titles this degree 'Rebellious', describing a dramatic, prophetic individual who fiercely fights against existing conditions [24]. Muir echoes this forceful will that ignores the feelings of opponents [15]. Kozminsky envisions a man running against a strong wind, warning that the native will face immense resistance and many failures before achieving success [21]. However, Charubel pictures a star surrounded by rings, promising that this uniquely independent soul is divinely supported and need never despair [26]."
  },
  "leo_20": {
    "title": "Leo 20",
    "summary": "A resilient, highly perceptive character who faces uphill battles but ultimately achieves success through social grace, occult knowledge, or intellectual breakthroughs [25-28].",
    "fullText": "Charubel issues a grim warning of a Sisyphus figure rolling a stone uphill in vain, denoting immense struggle [26]. However, other authors are much more optimistic. Janduz envisions a man holding a key, pointing to success in human sciences or solving riddles [28]. Weber and Muir describe a highly refined, beautiful, and socially adept individual who is well-versed in occultism and attracts favorable opportunities [25, 27]. Henson links it to 'Exaltation' and frequent life changes [24]."
  },
  "leo_21": {
    "title": "Leo 21",
    "summary": "A highly intuitive, commanding, and diplomatic nature drawn to mysticism, problem-solving, and introspection.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a face or man with a sleeping serpent, denoting a commanding, deeply introspective character with excellent diplomatic and riddle-solving abilities [1, 2]. Charubel and Kozminsky envision a magician performing rituals or tracing mystic signs, highlighting a profound attraction to the occult, ancient magic, and the unseen laws of life [3, 4]. Henson points to extremes of abstinence or indulgence [5]. Overall, it marks a highly perceptive, intuitive individual who finds success through careful diplomacy and mastering the mysteries of human nature [1, 2, 4]."
  },
  "leo_22": {
    "title": "Leo 22",
    "summary": "A sensitive, service-oriented individual who must guard against naivety, jealousy, or being unduly controlled by others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a hawk hovering over a nest of fledglings, warning of a naive, overly trusting nature that may suffer injuries or betrayal from close associates [2, 6]. Kozminsky echoes this with a bird in a golden cage, signifying potential restraint or loss of independence [4]. Conversely, Charubel and Henson describe a highly poetic, spiritual character who feels most honored when serving humanity, though their innate goodness frequently attracts the jealousy of contemporaries [5, 7]."
  },
  "leo_23": {
    "title": "Leo 23",
    "summary": "A brilliant, highly intuitive communicator or entertainer who acts as an inspiring leader or catalyst for others.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz envision a bright star over a clear lake, denoting a refined, peaceful, and highly intuitive mind capable of prophetic insight and great educational influence [8, 9]. Kozminsky pictures a trumpet made from a ram's horn, marking a dynamic 'rouser of men' destined to inspire action and bring light to humanity [10]. Charubel sees a massive water-wheel, pointing to the founder of a great movement, while Henson highlights strong abilities in entertainment, astrology, or healing [7, 11]."
  },
  "leo_24": {
    "title": "Leo 24",
    "summary": "A hardworking, unpretentious nature that finds ultimate peace and satisfaction in a simple, rustic life after renouncing worldly strife.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict men chopping wood, symbolizing an industrious, unpretentious character who thrives on hard work, finding deep satisfaction in practical trades or nature [9, 12]. Charubel also emphasizes a deep love for a rustic country life [13]. Kozminsky envisions an old, rusting sword covered by grass, representing a soul that eventually recognizes the futility of aggressive ambition, choosing to lay down their weapons and retreat into a life of simplicity, peace, and renunciation [10]."
  },
  "leo_25": {
    "title": "Leo 25",
    "summary": "An earthy, patient character with refined, artistic tastes who must guard against extremes of indulgence.",
    "fullText": "Janduz pictures a man ploughing a field with oxen, denoting a quiet, patient, and deeply determined worker who slowly but comfortably improves their station in life [14]. In contrast, Charubel envisions an orange tree heavy with fruit, indicating a person of highly refined tastes who revels in luxury but risks downfall through excess [13]. Kozminsky sees a poet reading to ladies, reflecting a cultivating, romantic influence, while Henson notes physical extremes, stressing the overarching theme of finding true proportion in life [15, 16]."
  },
  "leo_26": {
    "title": "Leo 26",
    "summary": "A poetic, prudent, and deeply steadfast individual who conquers formidable obstacles to achieve success, often aided by faithful friends.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky symbolizes this degree with hands clasped under a floral crown, highlighting a talented, peaceful soul who gains massive success through the quiet loyalty of true comradeship [16]. Charubel and Henson point to immense prudence, showing someone who extracts wealth from the most ordinary or difficult circumstances through sheer grit [15, 17]. Janduz warns of hidden enemies and turbulent emotional waters, picturing a man swimming rough seas, but confirms that sheer willpower ensures eventual triumph [14]."
  },
  "leo_27": {
    "title": "Leo 27",
    "summary": "A highly capable but potentially quarrelsome nature that must learn through painful experiences to transform destructive energy into constructive wisdom.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky depicts a bleeding hand holding a thorny branch, denoting a sincere character forced to gain deep experience through suffering, loss, and eventual redemption [18]. Janduz warns of a quarrelsome, rebellious nature, visualizing a dagger and scythe; the native must consciously avoid violence and turn their aggressive intellect into productive tools [19]. Charubel echoes warnings of sudden physical danger [17]. However, Henson highlights brilliant linguistic ability, great conversational aptitude, and a knack for seizing unique opportunities [20]."
  },
  "leo_28": {
    "title": "Leo 28",
    "summary": "A deeply diplomatic, benevolent peacemaker who successfully bridges idealism with practical, earthly matters.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky visualizes oil pouring over troubled waters, denoting a remarkably tactful, diplomatic peace-maker possessing a magnetic aura capable of reconciling the fiercest disputes [18]. Janduz echoes this harmony with golden circles tied by a ribbon, indicating a cheerful, benevolent nature that perfectly balances high spiritual idealism with practical earthly needs [21]. Henson notes a highly cooperative, well-read individual, while Charubel advises a stationary life focused on deep, grounded investigations rather than wide travel [20, 22]."
  },
  "leo_29": {
    "title": "Leo 29",
    "summary": "An independent, generous, and gifted individual who uses their abundance and power to uplift others.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky depicts a man climbing a ladder who stops to help others ascend, denoting a deeply sympathetic, just soul whose willingness to assist the struggling brings them great cosmic rewards [23]. Janduz sees the angel of the sun sparking the earth, reflecting an independent, courageous, and highly altruistic character destined for brilliant accomplishments [21]. Henson links this degree to extreme abundance, enterprise, and sociability, while Charubel notes profound mathematical or planning abilities that require focus to prevent wasted potential [22, 24]."
  },
  "leo_30": {
    "title": "Leo 30",
    "summary": "A deeply analytical, commanding sage or a restless traveler, possessing immense willpower and intellectual maturity.",
    "fullText": "Charubel envisions an old sage studying by a midnight lamp, denoting a true intellectual magician with a gigantic will, mature judgment, and profound understanding of complex problems [25]. Henson similarly highlights an unpredictable but masterful thinker who plans on a massive scale, whose life's work may never truly be finished [24]. Kozminsky presents a lighter image of a ship's steward carrying white lilies, reflecting a changeable, travel-loving nature that finds its greatest joy and fortune while voyaging or interacting with the public [26]."
  },
  "virgo_1": {
    "title": "Virgo 1",
    "summary": "A degree of either extreme sociability and simple, joyful adaptation, or a nature prone to cunning deception.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a village festival, indicating a sociable, flexible character who loves pleasure and adapts easily to their environment [1, 2]. Muir and Henson echo this friendly, industrious nature, noting a capacity for teaching or literary pursuits [3, 4]. Weber adds that this degree seeks excitement and sensuality, often taking a direct role in romances [5]. Conversely, Charubel envisions a wolf carrying away a lamb, warning of potential deception, cunning, and cruelty if darker impulses are not checked [6]. Kozminsky describes a pilgrim sharing wisdom, denoting a life of early hardship that ultimately tempers the native into a wise instructor [7]."
  },
  "virgo_2": {
    "title": "Virgo 2",
    "summary": "A fixed, highly analytical, and scientific mind that can suffer from emotional detachment or a lack of practical ambition.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a solitary rock in a desert, symbolizing a cold, mathematical, and steady character who approaches life theoretically and often ignores emotional factors [8, 9]. Henson and Weber highlight a penetrating, critical mastermind with great endurance and potential musical ability, though prone to impatience [3, 10]. Charubel points to a natural strategist suited for the military [6]. Kozminsky warns of approaching storms, advising the native to avoid speculative ventures [11]. Muir notes that this individual may neglect practical business in favor of pleasurable study until forced by circumstances to earn a living [4]."
  },
  "virgo_3": {
    "title": "Virgo 3",
    "summary": "An industrious, scientific, or poetic mind capable of deep research and bringing order out of complex mysteries.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a scientist at work in a laboratory, denoting a hardworking, pragmatic researcher who gains success through careful experimentation and study [12, 13]. Charubel envisions an elephant, representing cool courage, sagacity, and defense of the weak [14]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a patient, sunny nature inclined toward mystical poetry or spinning beautiful creations [4, 15]. Henson highlights insight, mediumship, and an interest in chemistry or natural laws [3]. Weber adds that this degree is often subjective and self-contained, preferring independent work and harboring modern or peculiar views of science [16]."
  },
  "virgo_4": {
    "title": "Virgo 4",
    "summary": "A practical, reliable, and active worker whose simple rural habits or exact organizational skills yield success.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a farmer in a field of ripe corn, reflecting a simple, pragmatic nature that finds success and peace through husbandry or cultivation [17, 18]. Kozminsky and Muir emphasize a highly orderly, sincere employee or bookbinder, who brings things to completion and holds a position of trust [4, 15]. Henson points to a hard worker who may lack originality but excels in healing or detailed tasks [19]. Weber notes a highly active, mentally driven character always busy with ideas and construction [20]. Contrastingly, Charubel warns of a desire for luxury and a tendency toward willful waste [14]."
  },
  "virgo_5": {
    "title": "Virgo 5",
    "summary": "A highly devoted, active, and courageous individual driven by noble ideals to serve and protect the community.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict a soldier or rescue worker preparing for action, denoting a brave, disciplined, and helpful character quick to respond to the calls of duty [17, 18]. Kozminsky describes an artist weaving a tapestry, reflecting a constructive mind that appreciates natural beauty and quaint philosophies [21]. Muir and Henson highlight a deep concern for the welfare of others, indicating a healer or someone working toward universal brotherhood [4, 19]. Weber calls this an 'Activist' degree, full of truthful, energetic precision directed toward improving the community [22]. Charubel envisions a long, uneventful road, suggesting a quiet life without overwhelming ambition [23]."
  },
  "virgo_6": {
    "title": "Virgo 6",
    "summary": "A youthful, sociable, and highly efficient nature that thrives in service but may struggle with instability or frivolity.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture men and women playing games with wine and fruits, indicating a joyous, lively character fond of pleasure and good luck in love, though perhaps lacking the stability to endure hard trials [24, 25]. Kozminsky echoes this with a large ballroom, pointing to a light, free mind that appreciates elegance [26]. Conversely, Charubel sees a laboratory of machinery, marking a brilliant scientist or inventor with great perception [27]. Henson, Muir, and Weber highlight extreme efficiency, a studious dedication to learning, and a profound capacity to serve others faithfully in practical or psychological fields [4, 22, 28]."
  },
  "virgo_7": {
    "title": "Virgo 7",
    "summary": "A reserved, contemplative seeker of truth who may struggle with social awkwardness or marital difficulties.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a couple standing back-to-back or a humble woman stepping aside for an arrogant lady, denoting a bashful, passive nature that faces difficulties in marriage or when dealing with the opposite sex [25, 29]. Kozminsky and Muir view this as the mark of a sincere philosopher or seeker of fundamental truths who respects ancient wisdom [26, 30]. Charubel associates this degree strictly with the legal profession [27]. Henson and Weber emphasize an independent, extraordinarily prudent, and private individual who seldom heeds outside advice and operates best when guided by their own sensitive intellect [28, 31]."
  },
  "virgo_8": {
    "title": "Virgo 8",
    "summary": "A generous, nature-loving diplomat or an aggressive, argumentative defender of personal beliefs.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a contemplative man admiring a woodland landscape, denoting a straightforward, generous character drawn to nature, alpinism, or botany [29, 32]. Weber and Henson echo this moderate, orderly appreciation of beauty, noting skills in dietetics, politics, and social assistance [31, 33]. In sharp contrast, Kozminsky describes a man holding a sword and a pen, representing a forceful, aggressive mind prone to endless disputes [34]. Charubel sees a laden coach, symbolizing a public servant who does much for others but neglects themselves [27]. Muir points to a keen sense of value bringing success in commerce [30]."
  },
  "virgo_9": {
    "title": "Virgo 9",
    "summary": "An imaginative but potentially careless wanderer who must guard against fatalistic indolence or speculative losses.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz warn of an indolent, easy-going character represented by a stagnant pool or masked figures, suggesting that laziness and careless associations may lead to misfortune or an unhappy marriage [35-37]. Kozminsky and Muir echo this danger with a leaking sack of corn, advising against speculation and a lack of caution [30, 38]. Charubel envisions a temporary framework, pointing to an explorer or traveler [39]. Henson and Weber highlight a multifaceted, superficial curiosity driven by an active imagination, leading the native to travel widely and seek constant, leisurely experimentation [33, 40]."
  },
  "virgo_10": {
    "title": "Virgo 10",
    "summary": "A deeply domestic, psychic, or occult-oriented mind that attracts fortune but must learn to manage its resources wisely.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky, Muir, and Charubel symbolize this degree with a sibyl in a cave or the Mundane Cross, denoting a fatalistic, highly psychic student of nature's mysteries who perceives the Divine Mind in all things [30, 38, 39]. Sepharial and Janduz picture a bag of money near a masked woman, indicating a fortunate nature that easily attracts friends and wealth but risks being swindled if they fail to use their resources wisely [37, 41]. Henson and Weber describe a prudent, gentle, and secretive personality who enjoys novels, leisure, and the comfort of a large family [33, 42]."
  },
 "virgo_11": {
    "title": "Virgo 11",
    "summary": "A sympathetic, mystical, and independent nature that must guard against gullibility and deception.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a blindfolded figure led astray or robbed, warning of gullibility and the danger of falling prey to trickery or false friends [1, 2]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a sympathetic character who throws coins to peasants, denoting a generous individual frequently imposed upon by others for selfish purposes [3, 4]. Conversely, Charubel and Henson highlight a profound interest in astrology and the mystical, viewing the native as an independent, resourceful person whose unique talents are brought out by unusual fate [5, 6]. Weber notes a difficulty in distinguishing friends from enemies, advising the native to be highly cautious of those they trust [7]."
  },
  "virgo_12": {
    "title": "Virgo 12",
    "summary": "An imaginative, deeply intuitive soul drawn to mysticism, healing, or the arts, but vulnerable to changing fortunes.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict individuals gathering medicinal flowers in the moonlight, denoting an imaginative, benevolent character drawn to natural medicine and healing arts [8]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a highly intuitive, idealistic soul facing tribulations and dark clouds, noting that their ultimate fate rests entirely upon their choice of friends [4, 9]. Charubel and Henson highlight a profound fascination with mystery, astrology, and secret knowledge, noting the native operates as an independent thinker capable of mastering complex, unusual subjects [5, 6, 10]. Weber adds that this individual possesses a strong, steady character with refined artistic tastes, though they must actively avoid becoming entangled in deceptive or melancholic thought patterns [10, 11]."
  },
  "virgo_13": {
    "title": "Virgo 13",
    "summary": "A practical, hardworking, and deeply reserved character who pursues a quiet, independent path or delves into philosophy.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture a man and an ox doing heavy labor, indicating a practical, honest, and unambitious character who accepts hard work and avoids the limelight [8]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a conservative recluse or student of Oriental philosophies who is somewhat out of touch with modern society [4, 12]. Henson and Weber title this degree 'Changeable,' highlighting a systematic, just, and highly independent individual who pursues the fine arts and quietly follows their own course [13-15]. They also note a potential vulnerability to romantic illusion or a preoccupation with sexuality that must be carefully managed through applied logic and discernment [16, 17]."
  },
  "virgo_14": {
    "title": "Virgo 14",
    "summary": "A gentle, devoted, and versatile soul capable of spreading light through science, art, or compassionate service.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with a woman holding doves, denoting a gentle, humane, and deeply devoted character capable of great tenderness and service [18, 19]. Kozminsky and Muir envision a radiant rainbow, pointing to an artistic, philosophic traveler who spreads the light of truth and studies deeper mysteries [4, 12]. Henson and Weber highlight extreme versatility, skill, and adaptability, suggesting a successful individual drawn to business, the stage, writing, or transformative social endeavors [13, 15, 20]. It marks a beautiful harmony between practicality and romantic imagination, provided the native remains firmly grounded in reality [15, 20]."
  },
  "virgo_15": {
    "title": "Virgo 15",
    "summary": "A thoughtful, devoted, and serious reformer who patiently works to improve society and reaps rewards later in life.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz picture an elegant old man harvesting grapes, representing a patient, careful character who plans for the future and enjoys the fruits of their labor in later years [21, 22]. Kozminsky and Muir describe a deep thinker who feels the cry of oppressed humanity and seeks solutions to present-day inequalities through scientific or philosophical exploration [4, 23]. Henson and Weber highlight a shy, devoted, and selfless servant who acts as a conservative reformer, utilizing strong intellectual and oratorical abilities to benefit their associations [20, 24, 25]. The individual is highly adaptive and thrives in environments where they can serve a genuinely useful, structural purpose [15, 18]."
  },
  "virgo_16": {
    "title": "Virgo 16",
    "summary": "A highly observant, industrious, and prudent individual who acts as a trusted guide or skilled team player.",
    "fullText": "Kozminsky and Muir symbolize this degree with an astrologer at a desk, denoting a student of prophetic arts with skilled judgment who guides the masses by spreading divine truths [26, 27]. Charubel, Henson, and Weber title this 'Prudence,' describing an industrious, observant, 'salt of the earth' individual who quietly gathers resources and often accumulates wealth through philosophical or practical service [25, 28, 29]. Sepharial and Janduz picture a festive public debate, emphasizing a sociable, sincere character who thrives in teamwork and collaborative projects [21, 30]. The native is deeply compassionate and acts as the crucial, unifying thread in their social or professional environment [29, 30]."
  },
  "virgo_17": {
    "title": "Virgo 17",
    "summary": "A self-sacrificing, protective nature dedicated to serving others, though sometimes tempted to pander for public approval.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz depict an old man happily watching children, indicating a lenient, sensitive, and protective character devoted to youth and family [31]. Kozminsky and Muir envision a man rescuing a little girl from a rough sea, symbolizing a highly self-sacrificing individual whose mission is to serve humanity, often away from the busy world [26, 27]. Henson contrasts this slightly by titling it 'Craft,' noting talents in acting or writing, but warning of a tendency to profitably pander to public taste or momentary trends [25, 28]. Weber notes that this profound sympathy often draws the native to support the underdog, granting them a life filled with quiet devotion and lasting respect [31, 32]."
  },
  "virgo_18": {
    "title": "Virgo 18",
    "summary": "A robust, imaginative, and fiercely independent character who champions the underdog and achieves success through patient persistence.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz describe a robust farmer or cattle dealer, denoting a straightforward, clever, and independent nature with strong agricultural or rustic ties [33, 34]. Kozminsky and Muir picture a smoking fire mountain, symbolizing an active, magnetic, and philosophic individual who exercises immense patience and persistence, finding success late in life [27, 35]. Henson and Weber highlight a strong imagination and narrative ability suited for writers, noting a deep, inherent sympathy and protective instinct for the small, young, or disadvantaged 'underdog' [32, 36, 37]. Although highly capable, the native must consciously avoid prevarication and remain dedicated to truth [36, 37]."
  },
  "virgo_19": {
    "title": "Virgo 19",
    "summary": "A fearless, intensely practical, and combative defender of principles with a sharp, mathematical mind.",
    "fullText": "Sepharial and Janduz symbolize this degree with men fencing, reflecting an inventive, honest character who is always ready to fiercely defend their rights or act as an arbiter [33, 34]. Kozminsky and Muir depict a warship ready for action, denoting a pugnacious, highly forceful mathematical genius who forces their demands and vehemently defends their principles [27, 35]. Henson and Weber title it 'Realism,' echoing a fearless, rugged, and highly practical nature equipped for agriculture, music, or overcoming any confrontation head-on [36-38]. This combative, action-oriented intelligence ensures they can surmount nearly any obstacle placed in their path [39, 40]."
  },
  "virgo_20": {
    "title": "Virgo 20",
    "summary": "A highly watchful, resourceful individual focused on physical health, wealth, and self-preservation.",
    "fullText": "A merchant holding bags of money, denoting a shrewd, financially focused, and potentially stingy character seeking material wealth [41]. A man burning a will, symbolizing intense resourcefulness and finesse in protecting one's vital interests from interference [42, 43]. Focus strongly on the physical body, describing an individual deeply interested in diets, health, and natural laws, who maintains a highly defensive, watchful stance against potential enemies or obstacles [36, 37, 40]. The native prefers to meet situations head-on and may exhibit talents in mimicry, poetry, or natural sciences [36, 40]."
  },
  "virgo_21": {
    "title": "Virgo 21",
    "summary": "A resourceful, financially driven nature that must guard against pompous superficiality and the relentless pursuit of wealth.",
    "fullText": "A showily dressed man holding bags of money, denoting a covetous, mercenary character who focuses intensely on material accumulation and may rely on a superficial show of lordly self-satisfaction. A man burning a will to protect his vital interests, representing deep resourcefulness and the finesse required to safeguard one's rights against interference. A pompous ostrich, warning of a boastful but ultimately empty facade. Physical fitness, an interest in diets, and a talent for mimicry or poetry."
  },
  "virgo_22": {
    "title": "Virgo 22",
    "summary": "A highly sensuous, magnetic character who faces the dual temptations of vanity and dangerous romantic allurements.",
    "fullText": "Intense sensuality and seduction, picturing a beautiful but vain woman before a mirror or a Bacchanalian woodland orgy. Warning of a worldly nature easily swayed by flattery, passion, and the allurements of the opposite sex, risking eventual disgrace. A sunlit forest, denoting a highly regarded 'man among men' who founds a new philosophy. A remarkable mentality and memory, echoing the danger of swift judgments bringing misfortune despite early honors."
  },
  "virgo_23": {
    "title": "Virgo 23",
    "summary": "An imaginative, peace-loving wanderer whose refined sensibilities may make them feel out of touch with the modern world.",
    "fullText": "A ship in full sail on the ocean, denoting a roving, adventurous, and fanciful nature drawn to travel or the sea. The Virgin Astraea fleeing a bloody world, reflecting a highly refined, sweet, and sympathetic soul repulsed by earthly cruelty. Rings of light in the heavens, pointing to a person who lives in a world of their own and is far ahead of their time. Traits of medical ability, enthusiasm, and political storytelling."
  },
  "virgo_24": {
    "title": "Virgo 24",
    "summary": "A complex blend of misanthropic isolation and potential artistic or oratorical popularity.",
    "fullText": "A naked man weeping on a sea-girt rock, denoting a lonely, misanthropic exile who suffers from estrangement and melancholic isolation. A colossal giant holding a woman, warning of violence and the vain abuse of earthly power. In stark contrast, A large assembly room with a pianist, indicating a highly popular, eloquent artist or musician. A hard worker who has many ups and downs, struggling to understand both society and themselves."
  },
  "virgo_25": {
    "title": "Virgo 25",
    "summary": "A daring, powerful, and potentially aggressive character who achieves great victories but must strive for inner peace.",
    "fullText": "Crossed swords under a crown, denoting a daring, military, and aggressive nature that cuts its way to victory and fame, though often sacrificing personal happiness in the process. A man radiating white light in a fiery valley, symbolizing an affectionate soul who conquers demons and formidable obstacles through the sheer power of love and spiritual guidance. A suspended golden ball, pointing to an alluring, mystical charm. Henson highlights the ability to synthesize facts and recognize beauty."
  },
  "virgo_26": {
    "title": "Virgo 26",
    "summary": "A highly sociable, artistic, and philosophical soul who must guard against making poorly calculated speculative gambles.",
    "fullText": "Two elderly friends walking in confident harmony, denoting a sociable, sympathetic nature that attracts sincere friends and possesses profound foresight, yet struggles with practical, short-term planning. An antique temple of the Muses, reflecting a peaceful votary of art, culture, and high philosophy. A man chasing a meteor in the dark, advising the native to strictly avoid all purely speculative or hazardous ventures. This cheerful character finds joy in serving others."
  },
  "virgo_27": {
    "title": "Virgo 27",
    "summary": "An observant, critically sharp mind capable of literary brilliance or, conversely, a state of blunt incapability.",
    "fullText": "A broken hammer on a bench, warning of a clumsy, incapable nature that suffers due to a lack of practical executive power and risks being victimized. Conversely, A newspaper critic at the theater, highlighting a sharp, observant, and highly discriminatory mind that easily turns situations to its advantage. A cloudless, sunlit sky, promising deep prosperity and happiness. One of the strongest literary degrees, granting an honest, blunt philosophy and artistic taste."
  },
  "virgo_28": {
    "title": "Virgo 28",
    "summary": "A generous, deeply industrious individual who accepts heavy labor to achieve abundance and positively influence society.",
    "fullText": "A wide-branching tree laden with fruit, denoting a rich, generous, and industrious disposition destined for success and a large family. Stevedores  loading a vessel, reflecting a hardworking soul who denies themselves for the sake of delicate missions and treats labor as prayer. A man turning a large wheel, indicating a laborious life that exerts a mighty influence on the world. Astrology, the occult, and an always-scheming, prudent intellect."
  },
  "virgo_29": {
    "title": "Virgo 29",
    "summary": "A highly intuitive, prophetic, and restless wanderer who seeks out hidden knowledge and serves humanity.",
    "fullText": "A cardinal of the church, denoting a quick, highly imaginative, and spiritually disciplined nature that possesses profound insight and flashes of prophetic vision. A bright crescent moon, representing an artistic, restless genius who roams the world for a specific purpose rather than idle pleasure. Charubel sees a bird greeting the dawn, reflecting a poetic, hopeful soul. An active, intelligent individual who loves to travel to acquire knowledge and aims to be of direct service to humanity."
  },
  "virgo_30": {
    "title": "Virgo 30",
    "summary": "An uncompromising seeker of truth who may face intense melancholy, feelings of restriction, or mental confusion.",
    "fullText": "A headless or black-shrouded man, warning of a deeply melancholic, eccentric recluse whose obsessive midnight studies of secret things risk plunging the mind into chaos or madness. Oranges blown from a tree, denoting someone forced by fate and the deceit of others to accept harsh circumstances, yet who maintains a sincere, spiritual distaste for fault-finding. A landscape half-sunny and half-foggy, pointing to a highly discriminative mind completely decided for truth. A tendency to hoard or become tied down by possessions."
  },
  "libra_1": {
    "title": "Libra 1",
    "summary": "A highly magnetic, assertive, and intelligent nature that balances a deep desire for justice with a tendency toward hypersensitivity and conflict.",
    "fullText": "This degree indicates a scrupulously honest and rigidly just character, often highly intelligent and given to careful planning [1-3]. It bestows a deeply magnetic, affectionate disposition capable of artistic expression, but warns that excessive independence or assertiveness can lead to sudden power struggles or isolation [4-7]. The native must actively work to balance their fierce desire to protect and defend with a need to soften their martial impulsiveness [1, 6]."
  },
  "libra_2": {
    "title": "Libra 2",
    "summary": "A refined, artistically gifted, and deeply intuitive soul who possesses great kindness but may struggle with melancholy or being misunderstood.",
    "fullText": "This is a highly harmonious degree denoting a sincere, generous, and aesthetically refined personality with strong musical or artistic talents [2, 3, 7, 8]. The native possesses profound psychic understanding, sharp intelligence, and a gentle, deeply humane spirit capable of bringing forth inspired, visionary works [4, 8-10]. However, this sensitivity can sometimes lead to being easily swayed by others, misunderstood by society, or prone to retreating into profound melancholy when confronted with the world's harshness [3, 8, 9]."
  },
  "libra_3": {
    "title": "Libra 3",
    "summary": "An intellectually profound but physically or emotionally sensitive character who feels constrained by their circumstances and must strive for inner resilience.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a highly sympathetic, reserved, and creatively intelligent individual, often drawn toward science, medicine, or esoteric natural laws [2, 3, 9]. Despite these formidable mental gifts, the native frequently feels bound by restrictive circumstances, physical fragilities, or unseen energetic cords that limit their outward success [11-13]. To avoid misanthropy, profound melancholy, or falling victim to untrustworthy associations, they must maintain a clear, methodical focus and avoid dabbling recklessly in the unknown [11-14]."
  },
  "libra_4": {
    "title": "Libra 4",
    "summary": "An emotionally intense, refined individual who seeks connection but often faces profound relational or vocational disappointments.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a compassionate, instinctive nature with strong emotional depth and a refined appreciation for the arts, philosophies, and precision work such as surgery [3, 15]. However, there is a recurring theme of isolation, sudden falls from high status, and enduring deep bitterness or suffering in partnerships and marriage [9, 14, 16]. The native must exercise extreme caution in whom they trust, as a lack of practical discernment or a tendency toward self-centeredness often invites painful life lessons [9, 14]."
  },
  "libra_5": {
    "title": "Libra 5",
    "summary": "A highly dynamic, intellectual, and courageous nature that achieves success through decisive action, though it must guard against reckless impulsiveness and aggression.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by strong self-reliance and high intellectual aspirations, this individual possesses excellent dexterity, leadership skills, and the capacity to excel in the arts or surgery [17-19]. Driven by deep enthusiasm and a desire to champion righteous causes, they often secure power through aggressive, forceful action [16, 20, 21]. However, a marked impatience and a tendency to employ brute force over diplomacy pose significant risks of physical injury or destructive conflicts, requiring the native to actively temper their martial passions [16, 22, 23]."
  },
  "libra_6": {
    "title": "Libra 6",
    "summary": "A highly disciplined, hardworking character whose life is marked by arduous labor and a need to overcome profound obstacles or harsh environments.",
    "fullText": "This degree indicates a life of immense endurance, patience, and rigorous, often unglamorous, hard work [21, 22, 24, 25]. The mind is exacting and adaptable, yet the individual often struggles to navigate a difficult path to success and can be prone to fickleness or severe dictatorial behavior [19, 20, 25, 26]. Whether acting as a pioneering worker or a strict judge, the native must consciously avoid extreme self-righteousness, cruelty, or the excessive use of force, lest their efforts be undermined by violence or bitterness [20, 21, 27]."
  },
  "libra_7": {
    "title": "Libra 7",
    "summary": "An idealistic, deeply romantic, and highly sensitive soul who is drawn to the unconventional and must exercise caution against reckless hazards or sudden downfalls.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a profoundly sociable, empathetic, and romantic nature that is frequently drawn to idealistic causes, self-sacrifice, and exploring the wider world [19, 20, 24, 27]. Often feeling like a child of fate, the native is attracted to movement, danger, and uncovering hidden truths [25, 27]. However, a susceptibility to being easily swayed by worldly allurements or engaging in fiery, combative disputes carries a distinct warning; the individual must cultivate strict self-control to prevent a sudden fall from grace or severe misfortunes [28, 29]."
  },
  "libra_8": {
    "title": "Libra 8",
    "summary": "A deeply analytical but profoundly melancholic character who faces significant risks of emotional bereavement and financial forfeiture.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with excellent powers of discernment, an enterprising mind, and a keen, analytical intellect, this individual is well-equipped to evaluate the world around them [19, 20, 30]. Despite these capabilities, the native possesses a deeply sensitive, retiring, and melancholic disposition that is frequently overshadowed by experiences of grief, early bereavement, or intense loneliness [28, 31, 32]. There is a severe warning to avoid all forms of financial speculation or risky ventures, as the native is highly susceptible to sudden losses and the forfeiture of worldly possessions [20, 25, 33]."
  },
  "libra_9": {
    "title": "Libra 9",
    "summary": "A courageous, forceful, and independent leader whose strong critical faculties and aggressive nature can lead to public disputes or scandal if not moderated.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents a highly capable, sophisticated, and courageous individual with strong talents in science, leadership, or exploration [20, 34-36]. While possessing a sharp wit and an absolute dedication to their principles, this assertive and highly critical nature frequently draws the native into aggressive confrontations, legal disputes, and potential public scandal [33-35, 37]. To avoid being consumed by inharmony or falling into careless, stubborn patterns that invite severe setbacks, they must consciously strive to maintain balance and peace [33, 37]."
  },
  "libra_10": {
    "title": "Libra 10",
    "summary": "A deeply refined, courteous, and philosophical soul who seeks peace and solitude, possessing a strong intellect capable of detached observation and societal healing.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a highly refined, courteous, and mature individual with an inherent appreciation for beauty, simple tastes, and financial management [35, 36, 38]. Often possessing a dry, deeply reflective, and objective intellect, the native is drawn toward the study of philosophy, religion, or the profound healing of society's ills [20, 36, 39]. Due to a highly sensitive and sometimes melancholic disposition, they frequently seek the quiet solace of solitude or a retreat into nature to endure personal trials and find lasting inner peace [20, 38, 40]."
  },
  "libra_11": {
    "title": "Libra 11",
    "summary": "A progressive, observant character dedicated to social welfare or rural simplicity, who must manage inherent dualism.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a highly observant, patient, and progressive individual deeply drawn to social welfare, justice, or the quiet sagacity of rural life. While they possess an innate diplomatic tact and profound sympathy for the underprivileged, they frequently attract opposition, misunderstanding, or periods of isolation. To navigate these challenges, the native must carefully manage their inherent dualism, balancing lofty ideals with practical, grounded wisdom."
  },
  "libra_12": {
    "title": "Libra 12",
    "summary": "A highly capable intellect whose success relies on logical effort, warning against misplaced trust and lack of confidence.",
    "fullText": "This degree indicates an intelligent, highly capable individual whose true success is forged through hard work and clear, methodical reasoning rather than sheer luck. However, a profound lack of self-confidence and an unsteady, sometimes frivolous disposition can lead to missed opportunities or the dangerous misplacing of trust in crafty associates. By cultivating inner resolve and practicality, the native can overcome these vulnerabilities and effectively direct their considerable talents."
  },
  "libra_13": {
    "title": "Libra 13",
    "summary": "A refined, progressive thinker with unusual ideas who often faces profound loneliness or relationship disappointments.",
    "fullText": "Here is a refined, sensitive, and progressive thinker possessing highly unusual ideas, who often experiences profound loneliness, melancholy, or ascetic isolation. Relationships, particularly marriage and close partnerships, may be fraught with misunderstandings, smothered affections, or deep disappointment due to a lack of self-confidence or an overpowering emotional nature. True success and inner peace generally arrive later in life, once the native fully embraces their independence and unique intellectual presence."
  },
  "libra_14": {
    "title": "Libra 14",
    "summary": "A highly perceptive, mediumistic individual who assumes many roles but must carefully guard against self-indulgence and obsession.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a highly perceptive, mediumistic, and creative nature that frequently assumes different roles, masks, or theatrical personas to navigate life. Extremely sensitive to their environment, foods, and subtler forces, the native must strictly guard against physical overindulgence or psychic obsession. If they can firmly establish their own authentic identity and avoid suffocating those they love, their refined mental focus and adaptability will bring considerable achievement."
  },
  "libra_15": {
    "title": "Libra 15",
    "summary": "An alert, versatile communicator who perfectly mirrors their environment and must cultivate deep sincerity to avoid frivolity.",
    "fullText": "This indicates a mentally alert, highly communicative, and versatile character drawn to literature, health, or fraternal organizations. With a highly impressionable and somewhat frivolous disposition, the native often mirrors their surroundings perfectly, making them an excellent mimic or writer. However, to avoid the dangers of vacillation, romantic complications, and superficiality, they must cultivate deep sincerity and actively moderate their appetite for worldly self-indulgence."
  },
  "libra_16": {
    "title": "Libra 16",
    "summary": "A brilliant, musical nature with immense reserve forces, warning against taking needless risks or adopting a path of least resistance.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents an energetic, brilliant, and highly musical nature possessing immense reserve forces and a remarkable gift for scientific or political strategy. Despite a strong affinity for rhythm, law, and order, the native is prone to taking needless risks or drifting passively along the path of least resistance. To safely navigate hidden dangers and actualize their vast potential, they must maintain sharp discernment and avoid compromising their ideals."
  },
  "libra_17": {
    "title": "Libra 17",
    "summary": "An independent, inventive mind capable of great achievements, provided they curb an overly critical or quarrelsome temper.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an active, fiercely independent, and highly inventive mind capable of maturing grand, visionary dreams into substantial, practical undertakings. While they possess deep artistic or spiritual sensibilities, a highly critical, quarrelsome, or secretive streak can lead to severe conflicts, folly, or clashes with authority. By consciously controlling their fault-finding tendencies, their progressive energy can yield remarkable and lasting creations."
  },
  "libra_18": {
    "title": "Libra 18",
    "summary": "A hospitable, highly articulate individual with gifts in writing or oratory, who balances intense ambition with a love for domestic peace.", "fullText": "Characterized by deep hospitality and a romantic spirit, this highly articulate individual possesses exceptional gifts in writing, oratory, and psychological insight. They easily draw many friends through their open, generous nature and harbor a strong ambition for public recognition and greatness. However, to avoid being imposed upon or entangled in petty, exhausting debates, they must actively balance their sharp, critical wit with their innate desire for harmony and quiet domesticity."
  },
  "libra_19": {
    "title": "Libra 19",
    "summary": "A profoundly focused, masterful intellect that relies on intense concentration to achieve lasting success or true genius.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a profoundly focused, masterful intellect that frequently achieves the level of true genius or eminence in a chosen field. Whether operating as a quiet, religious mystic or an active, hospitable public figure, the native relies on intense concentration and a shrewd understanding of human nature. Though capable of enduring arduous labor and deep reflection, their ultimate success is forged through an unyielding, strategic dedication to their highest ideals."
  },
  "libra_20": {
    "title": "Libra 20",
    "summary": "A charismatic, fortunate personality drawn to beauty and public service, who must avoid the pitfalls of extravagance.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a highly charismatic, fortunate, and intense personality possessing a profound appreciation for beauty, religion, and the arts. Capable of rising to great public prominence and naturally serving as a diplomatic peacemaker, they approach their calling with unwavering devotion. However, the native must strictly guard against an inherent tendency toward extravagance and self-indulgent escapism, which constantly threatens to undermine their considerable worldly successes."
  },
  "libra_21": { 
    "title": "Libra 21", 
    "summary": "A positive, expressive, and charming personality that seeks balance but must remain extremely vigilant against superficial allurements.", 
    "fullText": "This degree bestows strong willpower, magical or scientific abilities, and a frank, outgoing nature
. However, the native is deeply warned against trusting too much in appearances or yielding to purely physical pleasures, which could lead them to be easily swindled, led astray, or subjected to sudden reversals
. By exercising inner intelligence and strict self-control, they can actively avoid the pitfalls of misplaced trust and utilize their vibrant energies for substantial success without falling prey to their own senses
." }, 
    "libra_22": { 
      "title": "Libra 22", 
      "summary": "A highly intellectual, artistic, and reflective nature that must strictly realize the value of time to avoid squandering their innate gifts.",
      "fullText": "This degree indicates a deeply truthful and just character, often uniquely gifted in music, literature, or academia. Yet, there is a prominent danger of harboring a split, innerly contradictory nature that oscillates rapidly between wisdom and recklessness, daydreaming and concrete action. To prevent their opportunities or rightful inheritance from passing into the hands of others through sheer negligence, the native must cultivate profound focus and avoid taking their own formidable abilities for granted." },
    "libra_23": { 
      "title": "Libra 23", 
      "summary": "A brilliant, active, and deeply inquisitive mind driven by an insatiable wanderlust and a desire to explore the unknown.", 
      "fullText": "Possessing numerous gifts, great vitality, and artistic talent, this individual is fundamentally drawn to movement, travel, and expansive discovery. Whether acting as an astronomer studying the vast sky or an independent researcher exploring the hidden laws of nature, they ultimately seek to be a law unto themselves. Profound success comes naturally through their steadfast tenacity, provided they remain thoroughly grounded in their pursuit of universal knowledge and truth." },
    "libra_24": { 
      "title": "Libra 24", 
      "summary": "A highly independent, ambitious, and overconfident nature that is exceptionally vulnerable to neglecting vital details or falling prey to betrayal.",
      "fullText": "This degree points to immense pride and a deep desire for isolated distinction, yet warns that the native frequently faces severe misfortunes or machinations from jealous enemies. Driven by an optimistic but careless confidence, they may carelessly scatter their energies or overlook the seemingly insignificant facts necessary to safeguard their own interests. Extreme caution, meticulous attention to detail, and strict self-discipline are required to prevent a disastrous fall from their elevated heights."
 }, 
     "libra_25": { 
       "title": "Libra 25", 
       "summary": "An attractive, peace-loving, and intensely romantic disposition that must guard against vanity and the overwhelming sway of the senses.", 
       "fullText": "This degree promises equanimity, distinct musical ability, and a highly polished, progressive mentality. However, an impulsive, pleasure-seeking streak can easily lead the native to become a slave to their own ever-changing personal desires or the dominant will of others. To achieve the highest expressions of personal dignity rather than sinking into frivolous self-indulgence, they must firmly balance their sensuous, artistic inclinations with their clear, visionary foresight and inner restraint." }, 
     "libra_26": { 
       "title": "Libra 26", 
       "summary": "A highly observant and diplomatic nature that excels at navigating the public sphere but must avoid surrendering their individuality to popular opinion.", 
       "fullText": "This individual possesses a firm, generous heart, extreme sensitivity, and a refined talent for handling people, often achieving considerable success through public service or local politics. Despite their undaunted courage in aggressively defending their rights, they can be far too willing to adapt their philosophy to match the surrounding crowd. True success demands that they do not merely echo the majority, but actively maintain their own independent integrity and spiritual vision." }, 
   "libra_27": { 
     "title": "Libra 27", 
     "summary": "A benevolent, deeply contented, and peace-making soul who finds profound joy in simplicity, nature, and offering shelter to others.", 
     "fullText": "This degree highlights incredible physical and moral courage, yet this formidable strength is channeled into a calm, harmonious existence rather than aggressive worldly ambition
. Highly attuned to their immediate environment, they effortlessly spread comfort and act as a soothing, healing balm to those around them. By requiring very little to be genuinely happy and successfully avoiding complex controversies, the native achieves a beautiful, quietly influential life built on pure compassion and steadfast loyalty." }, 
   "libra_28": { 
     "title": "Libra 28", 
     "summary": "A hardworking, dignified, and exceptionally persistent individual who achieves their goals through sheer exertion and a steadfast adherence to duty.", 
     "fullText": "While they are a deeply sympathetic listener, they fundamentally believe that rigorous, practical labor is the absolute ultimate solution to life's complex problems. Often entirely content to follow the beaten path or embrace a traditional, conservative approach, this native possesses a formidable humanity and quiet valor. Through patient, enduring industry and unshakable determination, they eventually uncover the hidden wealth and lasting success deeply nested within the most ordinary or arduous circumstances
." }, 
  "libra_29": {
    "title": "Libra 29", 
    "summary": "An introspective, studious, and potentially fatalistic character who must exercise extreme caution to avoid severe financial or emotional losses.", 
    "fullText": "Possessing a subtle, magnetic sagacity often successfully cloaked in an unassuming exterior, the native is highly vulnerable to periods of deep melancholy, gloomy indifference, or unexpected eclipses of their personal fortunes
. There is a strict, undeniable warning against engaging in bold speculation, reckless gambling, or trusting blindly in others, as they are exceptionally prone to significant setbacks
. To counteract this fading energy, they must actively protect their possessions and continuously cultivate inner resilience
." }, 
  "libra_30": { 
    "title": "Libra 30",
    "summary": "An individualistic, highly idealistic, but deeply impractical nature that is dangerously oblivious to its immediate surroundings and lurking perils.", 
    "fullText": "This degree describes a pure-hearted soul or solitary recluse who struggles profoundly to seamlessly adapt to the demands of modern, everyday life
. Frequently lost in vivid daydreams, moody isolation, or self-indulgent lethargy, they remain carelessly unaware of the serious physical or social dangers actively closing in around them
. Unless they rapidly awaken to reality and establish a firmly grounded connection to their true environment, their careless indifference continually invites misfortune
." },
  "scorpio_1": {
    "title": "Scorpio 1",
    "summary": "A passionate, forceful, and potentially combative character driven by intense desires and strategic power.",
    "fullText": "This degree indicates a passionate, forceful, and potentially combative character driven by intense desires. The native possesses immense strategic and magnetic power, often feeling an innate push to expand their social or intellectual horizons. However, they must actively guard against jealousy, rage, and destructive conflicts. When their fierce energy is constructively channeled and they avoid the temptation to resort to brute force over reason, they can overcome monumental obstacles and achieve great heights in their chosen field."
  },
  "scorpio_2": {
    "title": "Scorpio 2",
    "summary": "A highly intelligent, meditative, and self-reliant nature capable of deep comprehension and strategic planning.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a highly intelligent, meditative, and self-reliant nature capable of deep comprehension and careful strategic planning. The individual is often ambitious and magnanimous, projecting a quiet but undeniable strength that commands respect. However, there is a distinct danger of becoming overly rigid or transfixed by past memories, convictions, and deep-seated pride. To truly succeed and avoid self-betrayal, the native must learn to release outdated emotional baggage and embrace the fluid complexity of human nature."
  },
  "scorpio_3": {
    "title": "Scorpio 3",
    "summary": "A profoundly contemplative or artistically gifted soul who seeks community but may struggle with disillusionment.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a profoundly contemplative, sensitive, or artistically gifted soul who often seeks cooperation, community, and shared endeavors. While capable of deep philosophical or creative achievements, the native frequently battles with disillusionment or an internal oscillation between spiritual asceticism and indulging in worldly appetites. By letting go of absolute demands and maintaining a steady, generous connection with their surroundings, they can harness their multifaceted talents to build a rich, fulfilling life."
  },
  "scorpio_4": {
    "title": "Scorpio 4",
    "summary": "An intense, restless, and highly devoted individual who experiences life through powerful emotional storms and transformations.",
    "fullText": "Here is an intense, restless, and highly devoted individual who experiences life through powerful emotional storms and profound transformations. The native possesses immense willpower and a deep desire to plan and organize, yet frequently attracts or deliberately plunges into crises to force spiritual regeneration. By willingly confronting the darkest or most chaotic elements of existence, they are able to clear away the debris of the past, eventually cultivating a profound capacity to heal and guide others."
  },
  "scorpio_5": {
    "title": "Scorpio 5",
    "summary": "A dedicated, highly watchful, and resolute character capable of tremendous endurance and focused hard work.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a dedicated, highly watchful, and resolute character capable of tremendous endurance and hard work. Possessing a deeply mystical or authoritative presence, the individual steadfastly resists outside pressures and defends their core principles. However, they must consciously overcome stubbornness, fatalism, or internal divisions to actualize their great potential. Through quiet, unwavering continuity and attention to detail, they are able to ground their abstract visions into lasting, tangible reality."
  },
  "scorpio_6": {
    "title": "Scorpio 6",
    "summary": "A highly magnetic, industrious, and ambitious individual endowed with multifaceted talents and a fierce drive for success.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to a highly magnetic, industrious, and ambitious individual endowed with multifaceted talents and a fierce drive for success. Whether uncovering literal or metaphorical hidden treasures, they exhibit incredible resourcefulness and determination, often achieving unexpected wealth or renown. The primary challenge lies in mastering their vast energies without falling prey to greed, extreme risk-taking, or over-extension. True fulfillment comes when their pioneering spirit is channeled toward broad, evolutionary breakthroughs."
  },
  "scorpio_7": {
    "title": "Scorpio 7",
    "summary": "A courageous, vigilant, and intensely communicative nature that dives fearlessly into the hidden depths of life.",
    "fullText": "This individual possesses a courageous, vigilant, and intensely communicative nature that dives fearlessly into the hidden depths of life and human psychology. Though highly capable and unshrinking in the face of crisis, a tendency toward restlessness, sharp frankness, or scattered passions requires strict self-restraint. By overcoming the urge to engage in petty squabbles or superficial showmanship, the native can utilize their profound investigative talents to achieve lasting honor and serve the greater good."
  },
  "scorpio_8": {
    "title": "Scorpio 8",
    "summary": "A deeply compassionate, sensitive, and emotionally complex soul who finds strength in nurturing and protecting others.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a deeply compassionate, sensitive, and emotionally complex soul whose early life may involve feelings of isolation or hardship. Possessing a highly reflective, magnetic nature, they wage an intense inner battle between profound wisdom and the pull of past shadows. Instead of succumbing to bitterness or extreme materialism, they ultimately find their greatest strength and redemption by protecting, nurturing, and guiding those who are vulnerable or disadvantaged."
  },
  "scorpio_9": {
    "title": "Scorpio 9",
    "summary": "A shrewd, highly observant, and authoritative mind that conceals its true depth behind a protective exterior.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a shrewd, exceptionally observant, and authoritative mind, this native often conceals their true depth and vulnerability behind a protective mask or playful exterior. Capable of brilliant problem-solving and profound self-overcoming, they possess the drive to investigate the unknown and master their environment. They must, however, carefully guard against cunning manipulation, deep-seated jealousies, or a cynical attitude, striving instead to use their acute perception for constructive, rather than destructive, ends."
  },
  "scorpio_10": {
    "title": "Scorpio 10",
    "summary": "A highly intuitive, socially connected, but inwardly guarded individual who values deep camaraderie and shared experiences.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents a highly intuitive, socially connected, but inwardly guarded individual who values deep camaraderie and shared experiences. Despite their desire for profound connections, they often struggle with inner insecurities, alternating between extreme wariness and sudden rashness. Their ultimate evolutionary path involves transmuting old miseries and fears into a brilliant, unshakeable inner light, allowing them to forge truly meaningful bonds based on trust and a shared sense of purpose."
  },
  "scorpio_11": {
    "title": "Scorpio 11",
    "summary": "A highly imaginative, cautious, and protective nature that must balance a deep appreciation for beauty with underlying anxieties.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a poetic, sensitive, and deeply watchful character who appreciates beauty, nature, and the simple charms of life [1, 2]. However, this refined imagination is frequently accompanied by profound apprehensions, making the native overly cautious of hidden dangers or prone to sudden bouts of insecurity [3, 4]. They may struggle with inner obsessions or feel surrounded by unseen adversaries [5]. To fully realize their protective and artistic talents, they must actively work to balance their inherent shyness with grounded courage, avoiding the trap of fearing imaginary risks while remaining blind to real ones [1, 4]."
  },
  "scorpio_12": {
    "title": "Scorpio 12",
    "summary": "A highly resourceful, intensely private, and occult-oriented mind that utilizes strict prudence and boundaries for self-defense.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an intense, highly secretive, and deeply occult-oriented mentality, this individual relies on immense prudence and foresight to navigate life's challenges [2, 6, 7]. Possessing a strange, sensitive, and sometimes eccentric temperament, they often keep their distance from others, acting as a solitary tower of strength [5, 8]. Because they frequently feel surrounded by adversaries or hidden dangers, they cultivate formidable self-defense mechanisms [9]. If they fail to control their darker, more vengeful passions, this same resourcefulness can devolve into destructive melancholy or cunning selfishness [6, 10]."
  },
  "scorpio_13": {
    "title": "Scorpio 13",
    "summary": "A profoundly psychic, emotionally changeable, and independent soul who alternates between solitary elevation and generous social interaction.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an immensely independent, psychic, and emotionally sensitive nature capable of rising to a position of great authority and commanding respect [2, 11, 12]. The native possesses a deep inner stability and often seeks the quiet sanctuary of solitude to process their complex, fluctuating emotions [2, 13]. Despite this profound need for isolation, they also exhibit a jovial, overly generous streak that can attract an array of associates, sometimes leading to exploitation if they lack discernment [14]. Ultimately, their magnetic energy is destined to exert a powerful, long-lasting influence on the world around them [12]."
  },
  "scorpio_14": {
    "title": "Scorpio 14",
    "summary": "A charming, highly capable, but potentially easily distracted individual who must cultivate firm concentration to avoid wasting their talents.",
    "fullText": "Bestowing a highly magnetic personality, strong business acumen, and an innocent, open-hearted courage, this individual is naturally equipped to succeed in public-facing or strategic pursuits [13, 15, 16]. However, this formidable potential is continually threatened by a restless, easily distracted mind that tends to scatter its energies across too many superficial interests [2, 17]. There is a pronounced danger of slipping into fatalistic laziness or relying too heavily on the efforts of others [14]. To achieve lasting success, the native must absolutely conquer their lack of focus and apply steady, determined concentration to a single purpose [2, 17]."
  },
  "scorpio_15": {
    "title": "Scorpio 15",
    "summary": "An adventurous, enthusiastic, and socially skilled character whose vigorous appetites may lead to hazardous conflicts or losses.",
    "fullText": "This degree indicates a highly enthusiastic, adventurous, and vigorous personality driven by a deep love for travel, new experiences, and social exchange [2, 13, 17]. The native possesses a profound, almost instinctual ability to read human nature, allowing them to attract many loyal friends and navigate complex social dynamics [18]. However, their impulsive courage is often guided more by the heart than the head, and a tendency to act selfishly or instigate quarrels can invite severe conflicts [17-19]. To avoid sudden ruin or shipwrecking their fortunes, they must learn to moderate their risk-taking and cultivate genuine reciprocity [17, 19]."
  },
  "scorpio_16": {
    "title": "Scorpio 16",
    "summary": "A deeply devoted, resilient, and benevolent soul who battles through intense earthly obstacles sustained by an unyielding spiritual faith.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an incredibly ardent, benevolent, and generous disposition, this individual is driven by a profound humane desire to comfort and uplift others [15, 19, 20]. Their life path is frequently marked by severe trials, demanding immense fortitude, patience, and a warrior-like endurance to conquer formidable obstacles [2, 21]. While they fiercely contest every worldly disadvantage, their true strength is drawn from a deep, internal reservoir of spiritual faith and a desire for ultimate peace [21]. They must consciously avoid slipping into fatalistic despair or a masochistic attachment to their own suffering [22]."
  },
  "scorpio_17": {
    "title": "Scorpio 17",
    "summary": "A highly passionate, sensual, and artistically gifted nature that must exercise extreme caution to avoid being derailed by impulsive desires or hidden dangers.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a highly energetic, romantic, and artistically gifted nature possessing deep sensibilities for poetry, beauty, and expression [23-25]. Driven by bold, passionate, and deeply sensual instincts, the individual frequently seeks out intense experiences, exoticism, or dangerous entanglements [26, 27]. Despite a capacity for chivalry and courageous defense of their ideals, they are incredibly vulnerable to being swept away by their own lower appetites or suffering severe reversals of fortune due to a lack of moral restraint [28-30]. Success requires tightly reining in their voluptuous desires and channeling their formidable energy into constructive, creative goals [24, 26]."
  },
  "scorpio_18": {
    "title": "Scorpio 18",
    "summary": "An intensely magnetic, pleasure-loving, and fiercely independent personality who must strictly control their profound jealousies and volatile passions.",
    "fullText": "This individual exhibits a paradoxical, highly magnetic, and voluptuous character that demands absolute personal freedom while simultaneously seeking to control those around them [25, 27]. While possessing an innate appreciation for grace, music, and strict justice, their path is frequently troubled by intense suspicion, hidden resentments, and destructive jealousies [26, 31, 32]. They are deeply drawn to pleasure, flattery, and the intense stimulation of the senses, which can easily blind them to underlying perils [24, 33]. To attain lasting fulfillment, they must actively tame their severe, combative instincts and avoid letting their passions devolve into poisonous mistrust [27, 31]."
  },
  "scorpio_19": {
    "title": "Scorpio 19",
    "summary": "A formidable, fiercely independent, and intellectually sharp character who wields immense power but must actively guard against destructive, warlike impulses.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an incredibly untiring, fiercely independent, and commanding intellect capable of achieving the highest honors and fulfilling vast, wild ambitions [34, 35]. Equipped with a sharp wit, deep psychological perception, and a formidable capacity for strategy, the native is a powerful ally and an exceedingly dangerous adversary [25, 36]. However, there is a severe, almost mythic warning attached to this degree regarding unbridled aggression, intense jealousy, and a self-righteous desire for destructive contention [36-38]. They must absolutely sublimate their darker, combative passions into constructive, high-minded leadership to avoid becoming a terror to their own society [26, 38]."
  },
  "scorpio_20": {
    "title": "Scorpio 20",
    "summary": "A dynamic, deeply ambitious, and tenacious spirit who fiercely battles formidable obstacles to elevate themselves to a position of well-earned prominence.",
    "fullText": "Driven by a profound, restless desire for expansion, discovery, and ultimate self-mastery, this individual possesses an indomitable will capable of conquering tremendous early-life obstacles [25, 35, 39]. They are tenacious, fiercely passionate, and naturally disposed to combat and direct competition, viewing life as a crucial battleground between their own ego and higher spiritual forces [34, 38, 40]. Despite facing a destiny marked by significant ups and downs and frequent confrontations, their unwavering determination and refusal to yield to oppressive constraints virtually guarantees their eventual rise to public honor, independence, and lasting achievement [35, 41, 42]."
  },
  "scorpio_21": {
    "title": "Scorpio 21",
    "summary": "A bold, impulsive nature driven by a desire for absolute freedom and a willingness to resist authoritarian constraints.",
    "fullText": "This individual possesses a brutally direct vision and fiercely independent spirit, viewing life without the filter of polite social masks [1, 2]. Driven by a primitive longing for liberty, they may face a hard destiny or significant reversals of fortune due to restless, nervous instability [1, 3]. Yet, they fight tenaciously to maintain their autonomy, preferring to bravely obey their own conscience and accept the consequences rather than yield to authoritarian control [2, 4]."
  },
  "scorpio_22": {
    "title": "Scorpio 22",
    "summary": "A restless, hard-working character whose stubbornness and impulsive risk-taking often lead to scattered energies.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by random impulses and a tendency to pursue hazardous or unpractical projects, this individual must actively guard against wasting their substance [5-7]. Despite being industrious and brutally honest, their stubborn refusal to heed outside advice or their fascination with superficial glitter often leads to cyclical failures [3, 8]. They must learn to socialize their aggressive instincts constructively to avoid profound frustration and exhaustion [9]."
  },
  "scorpio_23": {
    "title": "Scorpio 23",
    "summary": "A practical, adaptable soul who finds deep contentment in useful labor and possesses the ability to transform base instincts.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a modest, highly capable individual who finds deep happiness and peace in simple, rustic environments or domestic duties [10-12]. Endowed with an innate ability to raise lower animal drives into higher spiritual or creative expressions, their resourcefulness allows them to overcome hardships and forge a secure foundation [13, 14]. Through patient industry and emotional depth, they build a world that is uniquely their own [7, 10]."
  },
  "scorpio_24": {
    "title": "Scorpio 24",
    "summary": "A character marked by profound duality, capable of either heroic self-sacrifice or predatory avarice.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights intense exposure to the harsh realities of life, marking either a highly courageous soul who braves dark circumstances to aid others, or a deeply predatory nature driven solely by worldly gain [12, 15, 16]. The native often faces significant existential tests and must learn to ground their highest spiritual inspirations into everyday practice [17]. If they succumb to pessimism or the desire to escape, their formidable energy may become trapped in a maze of destructive materialism [16, 18]."
  },
  "scorpio_25": {
    "title": "Scorpio 25",
    "summary": "An analytical, determined mind capable of penetrating the surface to uncover structural truths or hidden motives.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with a piercing intellect, this individual excels at seeing through superficialities to evaluate the underlying framework of any system [19, 20]. Although they possess a fierce determination and may bravely dedicate themselves to idealistic or humanitarian goals, they must exercise extreme caution [21, 22]. A reckless disregard for personal danger or a cynical attraction to dark, destructive truths can invite unnecessary hardship and isolation [20, 23]."
  },
  "scorpio_26": {
    "title": "Scorpio 26",
    "summary": "A commanding, eloquent personality possessing the diplomatic tact and primordial power necessary to influence the masses.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows an inborn authority and a highly persuasive tongue, granting the individual the ability to lead or instruct large groups of people effectively [24-26]. Connected deeply to primordial instincts and equipped with a talent for adapting to new environments, they readily take on heavy responsibilities [27, 28]. They frequently act as a philanthropic champion for the underprivileged or a pioneer of innovative social structures [29, 30]."
  },
  "scorpio_27": {
    "title": "Scorpio 27",
    "summary": "A determined, adventurous spirit who bravely navigates challenges to defend their deeply held ideals.",
    "fullText": "Marked by intense conviction, this character possesses a brave, scientific mind willing to plunge into rough waters to satisfy their quest for discovery and truth [31, 32]. While they are highly reliable and capable of rallying collective pride around shared cultural values, they must strictly guard their integrity [27, 33]. If their unyielding faith is corrupted, it can easily devolve into crafty selfishness, aggression, or a destructive refusal to compromise [26, 33]."
  },
  "scorpio_28": {
    "title": "Scorpio 28",
    "summary": "A highly studious, authoritative intellect willing to sacrifice personal comforts to secure a powerful destiny.",
    "fullText": "This individual possesses a remarkable aptitude for the sciences, teaching, or profound philosophical exploration [34-36]. Driven by a fierce dedication to core principles and an inner allegiance to a higher cause, they are willing to strip away the unessential to answer a collective calling [37, 38]. Relying on sharp strategy and considerable magnetic charm, they frequently achieve prominence, provided they maintain a strict, unwavering focus on their ultimate goals [39, 40]."
  },
  "scorpio_29": {
    "title": "Scorpio 29",
    "summary": "An analytical, transformative mind drawn to quiet research, covert strategy, and severing outdated bonds.",
    "fullText": "Gifted with immense wisdom and a capacity for intense, quiet study, this individual exhibits a highly strategic and adaptable intellect [41-43]. Whether applied to rigorous scientific exploration, diplomatic negotiation, or covert operations, their profound connection to the hidden forces of life grants them undeniable power [44]. By learning to release old attachments, they can orchestrate masterful, sweeping evolutionary changes [45]."
  },
  "scorpio_30": {
    "title": "Scorpio 30",
    "summary": "A complex, karmically loaded nature that requires safe outlets for intense inner pressures and gloomy forebodings.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies an individual wrestling with profound karmic dilemmas, frequent self-mistrust, and a desperate desire for spiritual breakthrough [46]. Because they absorb the heavy, unregenerated energies of collective living, they often feel stalled at the edge of transformation [46, 47]. To prevent these accumulated frustrations from becoming destructive, they must utilize safe, imaginative outlets to relieve tension and ultimately surrender to the demands of a higher consciousness [47]."
  },
  "sagittarius_1": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 1",
    "summary": "A brilliant, profoundly perceptive, and highly independent intellect drawn to exactness, science, or philosophy.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a striking intuition capable of unraveling complex mysteries and cutting through falsehood. Driven by a desire for absolute freedom, the native may struggle with practical constraints or face periods of privation, preferring natural simplicity over forced societal roles. Their innate eloquence, precise mind, and undeniable aura of competence bring eventual triumph and public honor, provided they maintain faith in their abilities and avoid becoming aggressively unpleasant when their independence is challenged."
  },
  "sagittarius_2": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 2",
    "summary": "An energetic, adventurous, and potentially combative spirit characterized by a deep love for the wild and romantic.",
    "fullText": "The individual is intensely driven, often embracing hazardous or exciting undertakings that invite conflict or physical danger. Although their visionary mind is drawn to artistry, logic, and profound ideals, a lack of restraint or an excessively aggressive temper can lead to sudden quarrels, enmity, and severe setbacks. Success requires moderating their restlessness, tempering their rebellious instincts, and channeling their passions constructively into focused, precision-based endeavors."
  },
  "sagittarius_3": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 3",
    "summary": "A powerful, highly capable, and fiercely determined individual who bravely steps forward to redress wrongs and champion great causes.",
    "fullText": "Blessed with artistic or structural talents, this native possesses a magnetic, sometimes warlike intensity that attracts both loyal followers and formidable opposition. Their early life may be marked by shadows or family secrets, compelling them to undertake dangerous, transformative quests to bring light into darkness. To achieve lasting prominence and avoid destructive malice, they must elevate their passionate, primal instincts toward selfless, humanitarian goals and mercy."
  },
  "sagittarius_4": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 4",
    "summary": "A sensitive, imaginative, and affectionate nature that is profoundly drawn to exploration but frequently blind to impending perils.",
    "fullText": "The native possesses an inventive mind suited for precision work, arts, and sciences, along with a deep love for domestic harmony. However, an impulsive, restless streak often drives them to take reckless chances, walk along the edge of the precipice, or wander aimlessly. To avoid sudden downfalls or painful separations from loved ones through hasty decisions, they must cultivate objective foresight and actively rein in their careless overconfidence."
  },
  "sagittarius_5": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 5",
    "summary": "A vibrant, enthusiastic, and highly expressive soul endowed with artistic refinement, keen perception, and an enduring love for adventure.",
    "fullText": "Naturally benevolent and cultured, the native may achieve excellence in fields like science, teaching, or the arts. A restless desire for exotic experiences and absolute freedom makes them impatient with societal constraints. They must guard against unstable, fluctuating passions and learn to ground their visionary projects, lest they squander their considerable intellectual wealth or suffer due to misplaced trust and impulsive, extreme behaviors."
  },
  "sagittarius_6": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 6",
    "summary": "An industrious, highly versatile, and cooperative character who finds their greatest satisfaction in serving others or pursuing useful arts.",
    "fullText": "While blessed with deep philosophical insight, a love for nature, and a talent for communication, their yielding and overly sympathetic disposition makes them highly vulnerable to being exploited. Though they often work tirelessly behind the scenes without receiving due credit or financial reward, their quiet contentment, adaptability, and unpretentious wisdom ultimately lead to a deeply peaceful, fulfilling existence focused on community betterment."
  },
  "sagittarius_7": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 7",
    "summary": "A sociable, optimistic, and harmony-seeking individual who prefers to sail along the path of least resistance.",
    "fullText": "Possessing a deep appreciation for culture, literature, and the finer things in life, the native relies heavily on charm and good fortune. They may find success in speculation, writing, or education, but a profound aversion to strenuous effort and a tendency to gamble with fate can result in missed opportunities or superficiality. True accomplishment demands strict self-discipline, avoiding excessive self-indulgence, and applying focused effort."
  },
  "sagittarius_8": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 8",
    "summary": "A deeply contemplative, intensely driven, and powerful intellect that faces a life marked by extreme highs and lows.",
    "fullText": "Possessing immense courage, the native is willing to gamble everything on a single, fateful endeavor. While this bold optimism and tremendous willpower can secure glorious triumphs or influential leadership roles, a streak of recklessness or materialism can equally lead to sudden ruin, exhaustion, or physical peril. Their ultimate salvation lies in unwavering faith, enduring resilience, and choosing genuine spiritual wisdom over mere worldly accumulation."
  },
  "sagittarius_9": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 9",
    "summary": "A highly zealous, energetic, and adaptable mind ablaze with inspirational visions and philosophical pursuits.",
    "fullText": "The native is remarkably versatile, excelling in public speaking, literature, or scientific inquiry, and easily absorbs new knowledge. However, this fiery enthusiasm is often coupled with a dangerous lack of practical foresight, leading to scattered energies, impulsive conflicts, or sudden reversals of fortune. To prevent burning out their resources or succumbing to destructive fanaticism, they must anchor their lofty ideals with methodical, pragmatic execution."
  },
  "sagittarius_10": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 10",
    "summary": "A shrewd, communicative, and immensely adaptable personality who possesses an uncanny ability to read the public and mirror their environment.",
    "fullText": "Blessed with a highly scientific, assimilative intellect, they can effortlessly untangle complex problems and rise to prominence through sheer diplomatic tact and organizational skill. Yet, an aggressive, headstrong, and potentially deceitful undercurrent requires strict moral discipline. By dedicating their profound cleverness to uplifting humanity rather than selfish manipulation or destructive quarrels, they can achieve brilliant, lasting success and public honor."
  },
{
  "sagittarius_11": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 11",
    "summary": "A deeply observant mind that seeks self-evident truths through a return to natural, physical wisdom [1, 2].",
    "fullText": "This degree emphasizes the value of grounding oneself in physical realities to balance excessive intellectuality and objective consciousness [1]. Often experiencing life as a series of interconnected events where 'what goes around comes around,' the native possesses a keen ability to recognize natural patterns and truisms [2]. They rely on the organismic depth of their body-consciousness to untangle the enigma of the self, seeking to find an inner, self-evident truth amidst life's repetitive, cyclical nature [1, 2]."
  },
  "sagittarius_12": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 12",
    "summary": "A completely future-oriented consciousness driven by spiritual will to bring noble ideals into actual life [3].",
    "fullText": "In stark contrast to relying on the physical body's past wisdom, this degree points to peak experiences and an anticipation of future destiny [3]. It urges the native to manifest their noblest, highest ideals in the material world through the sheer power of their spiritual will [3]. Acting as a harbinger of new beginnings, the individual experiences profound spiritual awakenings—an annunciation—that calls them toward a loftier, transcendent path and challenges them to reach far beyond their previous limitations [3]."
  },
  "sagittarius_13": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 13",
    "summary": "An exposure of past karma and the necessity of confronting unfinished business before entering a new cycle [3].",
    "fullText": "As a previous cycle concludes, the karma of past actions—both good and bad—inevitably intrudes upon the opportunities of the present [3]. The native may find that long-buried secrets, past histories, or the unfinished business of yesterday are brought clearly into the light of consciousness [3, 4]. This degree acts as a symbol of retribution, demanding that the individual deal with these oppressive shadows and hidden truths before they can truly move forward, unburdened, into a new phase of existence [3]."
  },
  "sagittarius_14": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 14",
    "summary": "A connection to the enduring power of ancient knowledge, traditional archetypes, and spiritual ancestry [4, 5].",
    "fullText": "This degree symbolizes an abiding faith in an original tradition and the perfect archetypal principles that underlie all of existence [5]. The native is deeply connected to the power of spiritual ancestry and the enduring wisdom of previous cycles [5]. By tapping into this vast reservoir of ancient, quasi-divine knowledge, the individual can build a solid foundation to successfully navigate contemporary crises, utilizing the monumental achievements of the past to lay the groundwork for pending evolutionary developments [4, 5]."
  },
  "sagittarius_15": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 15",
    "summary": "An instinctual anticipation of changing seasons and a search for signs to guide future actions [4].",
    "fullText": "This degree is symbolized by the groundhog looking for its shadow, reflecting an instinctual search for signs and omens to predict the changing seasons of life [4]. The native possesses a natural inclination to test their environment and seek confirmation before committing to a new course of action [4]. It highlights a period of cautious anticipation, where evaluating the current conditions helps the individual determine whether to retreat into safety or step forward into a new cycle of growth [4]."
  },
  "sagittarius_16": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 16",
    "summary": "A highly sensitive nature that easily acquires a dependence on external social stimulation or psychic desires [6].",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an individual whose psychic or emotional desires are easily stimulated by their social environment and surrounding circumstances [6]. Like seagulls flocking to a ship for sustenance, the native may fall into a pattern of relying on the collective or external sources to feed their inner longings [4, 6]. While highly adaptable, they must guard against an overly dependent nature and ensure they do not lose their self-reliance while seeking nourishment from the societal structures around them [6]."
  },
  "sagittarius_17": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 17",
    "summary": "A joyful, spiritually uplifting nature focused on communal rebirth and the celebration of new beginnings [4].",
    "fullText": "Symbolized by an Easter sunrise service, this degree represents a profound spiritual or cultural renewal that brings individuals together in a shared ritual of hope and awakening [4]. The native draws immense strength from participating in collective rebirth and values the inspiring energy of new beginnings [4]. It is a highly optimistic placement that encourages looking toward the future with faith, leveraging the power of group solidarity and shared devotion to emerge successfully from periods of darkness [4]."
  },
  "sagittarius_18": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 18",
    "summary": "A highly protective, innocent, and playful approach to absorbing the surrounding environment [4, 7].",
    "fullText": "Marked by themes of innocence, youthfulness, and protection from overpowering elements, this degree denotes a playful yet sheltered approach to life [4, 7]. Symbolized by tiny children in sunbonnets, the native may exhibit a naive, childlike curiosity, yet requires a protective barrier to shield their sensitive nature from the harsh glare of reality [4, 7]. It represents a gentle, gradual exposure to life's broader experiences while prioritizing safety and delicate care [4, 7]."
  },
  "sagittarius_19": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 19",
    "summary": "A protective instinct that prompts the individual to seek a healthier environment away from societal toxicity [4].",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a deeply nurturing and protective character who recognizes when their current environment has become polluted, physically or spiritually, by the carelessness of the collective [4]. Refusing to allow their creations or offspring to be compromised by this toxicity, the native demonstrates the decisive courage to uproot and relocate to a new habitat [4]. It signifies a profound survival instinct and the quest for an uncontaminated space to foster future growth and well-being [4]."
  },
  "sagittarius_20": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 20",
    "summary": "The resourceful anticipation of future needs, using the mundane to cultivate ecstatic, transformative promise [8, 9].",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights an incredibly resourceful, forward-thinking nature that actively plans for future needs using foresight based on cyclic processes [8]. Whether it is people cutting ice in winter to assure their supply for the summer, or the miraculous changing of water into wine, the native utilizes the basic elements of their current environment to forge future blessings [4, 8, 9]. They recognize that the ordinary circle of common experience is an indispensable container for miracles, transforming mundane existence into something ecstatic and prophetic [9]."
  },
  "sagittarius_21": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 21",
    "summary": "A mind of superior ability that balances physical and mental forces to achieve influence, but must avoid the trap of living through a borrowed persona.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a mind of more than average ability that balances physical and mental forces to conquer spiritual and worldly heights [1]. Though capable of rising from obscurity to a position of immense influence like a sudden tidal wave, the native must be wary of adopting borrowed personas or relying on imitation [2, 3]. True success is found by forging an authentic identity rather than simulating the traits of others."
  },
  "sagittarius_22": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 22",
    "summary": "An aggressive, restless spirit that often runs counter to the crowd, requiring cultural adaptability to survive alien environments.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to an aggressive, restless spirit that often runs counter to established social laws and public opinion [4]. A tendency to seek the unattainable can lead to internal strife, making the native feel like a lone voice baying in the dark [2]. True success lies in using one's unique cultural background to skillfully navigate alien environments and transitions without yielding to destructive hostility [5]."
  },
  "sagittarius_23": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 23",
    "summary": "A sharp, democratic intellect capable of stimulating action, which must actively guard against the bitterness of misplaced trust and jealousy.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with a sharp, stinging wit and a fine, democratic intellect, this individual is capable of stimulating action where passivity previously reigned [6]. However, they are warned against insecure affections, misplaced confidence, and bitter jealousy, which can lead to profound restriction if love is divorced from discretion [4]. The ultimate path to fulfillment requires consciously accepting new opportunities and leaving past resentments behind [7]."
  },
  "sagittarius_24": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 24",
    "summary": "A mind preoccupied with fate and risky ventures, finding ultimate reward through social integration and remaining true to oneself.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a mind often preoccupied with fate, which may lead to erratic financial decisions, mistakes, or abortive projects [8, 9]. The native may face sudden reversals or the scattering of their hard-earned resources if they lack caution [8, 10]. Despite these potential missteps, if they remain true to themselves and integrate positively into their social environment, they will be rewarded with enduring happiness and good fortune [11]."
  },
  "sagittarius_25": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 25",
    "summary": "A romantic, enthusiastic nature torn between profound spiritual philosophy and the allure of physical indulgence.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a romantic, enthusiastic nature, this individual is deeply drawn to spiritual philosophy but is equally tempted by excessive physical indulgences [8, 12]. There is a powerful tension between the pursuit of carnal pleasures or sports and the mastery of higher wisdom [12, 13]. By anticipating the disciplined use of their nascent powers, they can overcome spiritual struggles and find true, balanced joy [14]."
  },
  "sagittarius_26": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 26",
    "summary": "A sympathetic, loyal soul who may hide behind a playful mask, but ultimately finds purpose in selfless consecration to an ideal.",
    "fullText": "This describes a deeply sympathetic, loyal soul who may hide their true depth behind a playful mask or a life devoted to superficial gaiety [13, 15]. They are often called to subserve their personal desires to collective goals or higher ideals, acting as an unarmed champion for a greater cause [16]. By looking past appearances, they reveal an inner nature capable of profound fidelity and selfless consecration [15, 16]."
  },
  "sagittarius_27": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 27",
    "summary": "An inspired, creative visionary who projects their ideals into tangible forms to uplift mankind, overcoming formidable opposition.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights an inspired, prophetic, and creative individual who strives to project their inner vision into tangible forms to uplift mankind [17, 18]. Despite facing formidable opposition or feeling constrained by powerful enemies, their ability to eloquently shape the world around them ensures that they will eventually overcome impotence [18, 19]. Their work acts as a healing balm to those who witness it [17]."
  },
  "sagittarius_28": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 28",
    "summary": "A patient, steadfast nature that conquers obstacles through unending toil, acting as a reliable bridge for the community.",
    "fullText": "Here is a patient, steadfast, and benevolent nature that views hardships as a matter of course and conquers obstacles through unending toil [20]. Completely devoid of bombast or a desire for conflict, they act as an enduring bridge between the genius of individuals and the practical needs of the community [21, 22]. Through their quiet persistence, they inspire hope and security in all who rely on them [21, 22]."
  },
  "sagittarius_29": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 29",
    "summary": "A cultured but timid mind drawn to pomp and travel, requiring grounded, everyday habits to prevent a sudden loss of direction.",
    "fullText": "This denotes a cultured but sometimes timid mind that is strongly drawn to pomp, glitter, and travel [20, 21]. Because this attraction to vanity and outward show carries the risk of a sudden breakdown or loss of direction, the native must cultivate constructive, everyday habits [21, 23]. Grounding their remarkable physical agility in practical tasks will protect them from instability and ensure lasting respectability [20, 23]."
  },
  "sagittarius_30": {
    "title": "Sagittarius 30",
    "summary": "An active, commanding intellect capable of arduous work, who achieves supremacy and acts as a guardian of traditional values.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents an active, commanding intellect capable of sustaining arduous work to uncover the deep secrets of nature [24]. Indispensable to friends and formidable to enemies, they often assume a role of supreme authority or act as a living symbol for traditional values [25, 26]. Through unyielding rectitude and an indomitable fighting spirit, they achieve ultimate supremacy and distinction [25, 26]."
  },
  "capricorn_1": {
    "title": "Capricorn 1",
    "summary": "A highly perceptive, dualistic, and self-possessed nature capable of tremendous insight and leadership, though prone to secrecy.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a highly perceptive, dualistic, and self-possessed nature capable of tremendous insight and leadership [1, 2]. The native possesses a strong will to power and authority, often rising from obscurity to claim prominence or executive control [3, 4]. However, there is a marked tendency toward emotional duality, secrecy, or living a double life, which can complicate personal relationships [1, 5]. Protected by a profound inner resilience, they must avoid excessive combativeness or diplomatic manipulation [2, 6]. By channeling their sharp insight toward genuine self-knowledge and social responsibility, they can achieve enduring success [4, 7]."
  },
  "capricorn_2": {
    "title": "Capricorn 2",
    "summary": "A highly intelligent and versatile mind that appreciates deep traditions but frequently struggles with severe indecision or vacillation.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to a highly intelligent and versatile mind that appreciates deep traditions, architecture, or the sacred [2, 8]. Despite possessing great initiative and a thirst for sublime knowledge, the native frequently struggles with severe indecision, vacillation, or a lack of sustained focus [5, 8, 9]. They may exert immense effort on futile burdens while missing true opportunities due to a failure to commit [5]. To avoid a life of scattered energies and ultimate disappointment, they must cultivate steadfast resolution [9]. Directing their formidable mental agility toward a single, worthy objective will ensure they reach their desired heights [5, 6]."
  },
  "capricorn_3": {
    "title": "Capricorn 3",
    "summary": "Characterized by boundless vitality, immense recuperative powers, and a deeply intuitive intellect that faces profound karmic tests.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a character brimming with boundless vitality, immense recuperative powers, and a deeply intuitive or wise intellect [10-12]. The native is highly ambitious and capable of overcoming formidable illnesses or worldly attacks with lightning-like promptness and strategic grace [10, 11]. While endowed with magnetic charm and the potential for great success in diplomacy, law, or science, they are often relentlessly confronted with their deepest phobias or karmic repulsions [12, 13]. To achieve true harmony, they must release harsh judgments and avoid self-flagellation [13]. Harnessing their exceptional life force for constructive, healing purposes will ensure brilliant and lasting achievements [10, 12]."
  },
  "capricorn_4": {
    "title": "Capricorn 4",
    "summary": "A refined, contemplative, and noble character driven by strong inner ideals who feels a fated pull to fulfill a specific destiny.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a highly refined, contemplative, and noble character driven by strong inner ideals and a profound appreciation for beauty and justice [11, 14]. The native often assumes the role of a solitary guardian, spiritual guide, or champion of the oppressed, dedicated to preserving a sacred flame of knowledge [14]. They may feel an uncanny, fated pull to tread a predetermined path, retracing karmic footsteps to fulfill a lingering destiny [15]. By maintaining their purity of purpose and embracing this serious, solitary quest, they can achieve a prominent and respected position in society [14, 15]."
  },
  "capricorn_5": {
    "title": "Capricorn 5",
    "summary": "A profoundly benevolent, broad-minded, and self-sufficient nature that acts as a hospitable sanctuary for those in distress.",
    "fullText": "Representing a profoundly benevolent, broad-minded, and self-sufficient nature, this individual acts as a hospitable sanctuary for others [14, 16]. They possess a towering inner strength and an almost tragic awareness of life's sufferings, compelling them to serve and shelter those in distress [14, 17]. Because their creative genius and deep resources require no external validation, they deliberately shun superficial display [16]. However, their excessive trust and selflessness make them vulnerable to exploitation and manipulation [14]. Thus, they must exercise sharp discrimination to protect themselves while faithfully fulfilling their noble, healing mission [14, 17]."
  },
  "capricorn_6": {
    "title": "Capricorn 6",
    "summary": "A nature capable of immense devotion and selfless loyalty, which carries a stark duality between faithful protection and ruthless pragmatism.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a nature capable of immense devotion and selfless loyalty, often completely dedicating itself to a singular passion, cause, or loved one [18, 19]. Yet, it carries a stark duality: the native may either be an innocent, faithful protector, or a cunning, ruthless pragmatist willing to sacrifice others for selfish gain [16, 18]. They possess a quintessential ability to distill ancient wisdom into practical, worldly applications, holding themselves to strict ethical codes [20]. Success relies entirely on navigating life's hidden dangers with careful discernment and maintaining uncorrupted, compassionate intentions to avoid a legacy of cruelty or isolation [16, 18-20]."
  },
  "capricorn_7": {
    "title": "Capricorn 7",
    "summary": "A highly complex, secretive, and ingenious mind that frequently becomes entangled in its own intricate labyrinths or past resentments.",
    "fullText": "This denotes a highly complex, secretive, and ingenious mind that frequently becomes entangled in its own intricate labyrinths or pessimistic fixations [21, 22]. The native possesses a deep appreciation for beauty and art, yet their life is often fraught with rivalry, jealousy, and self-sabotaging behavior [23, 24]. An overwhelming desire to control outcomes or a self-righteous attachment to past grievances can stall their progress and invite severe isolation [22, 24]. To unlock their profound intellectual potential, they must relinquish bitter grudges, complete unfinished business, and actively channel their energies into constructive, harmonious pursuits [22, 23, 25]."
  },
  "capricorn_8": {
    "title": "Capricorn 8",
    "summary": "A deeply intuitive, solitary, and potentially melancholic disposition that holds formidable psychic power but feels alienated from the mundane world.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a deeply intuitive, solitary, and sometimes melancholic disposition, the native often feels profoundly alienated from the mundane world [26, 27]. Possessing formidable psychic power or occult knowledge, they are capable of channeling transcendent truths to guide others [28, 29]. However, this intensive inner life can manifest as heavy sorrow, devastating loss, or a cynical detachment from humanity if misused for selfish manipulation or sensual overindulgence [26, 27, 29, 30]. Ultimate redemption and spiritual fulfillment are found through solitary meditation, strict self-discipline, and directing their masterful abilities toward selfless service rather than worldly dominance [27, 29]."
  },
  "capricorn_9": {
    "title": "Capricorn 9",
    "summary": "A highly inspired, enduring soul destined for great deeds, though the path is incredibly steep and fraught with severe trials.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to a highly inspired, enduring soul destined for great deeds, though the path is often incredibly steep and fraught with severe, exhausting trials [26, 31]. The native may struggle with powerful sensual appetites or a harsh, irascible temper that threatens to alienate their supporters and invite tragic downfalls [27]. Despite these heavy burdens, they are guided by an innate spiritual light and a profound capacity for ritualistic healing and humility [31, 32]. By conquering their base instincts and laboring tirelessly for a noble, elevated cause, they can achieve ultimate enlightenment and a lasting, glorious legacy [26, 27, 32]."
  },
  "capricorn_10": {
    "title": "Capricorn 10",
    "summary": "Endowed with immense prudence, wisdom, and a deeply protective instinct, this individual is a natural defender of the vulnerable.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with immense prudence, wisdom, and a deeply protective instinct, this individual is a natural defender of the vulnerable and a keen seeker of hidden truths [33, 34]. They are frequently drawn to nocturnal professions, occultism, or esoteric sciences, finding profound sustenance in the wild and the unknown [33, 35, 36]. A strong militant enthusiasm drives them to champion righteous causes, though they must actively temper this fiery zeal to avoid unnecessary danger [31]. Their success is secured through quiet observation, a philosophical mastery of life's mysteries, and an unyielding dedication to guarding the defenseless without demanding personal glory [34, 35]."
  },
  "capricorn_11": {
    "title": "Capricorn 11",
    "summary": "A profound journey of reconciling stark polarities and mediating between the old and the new.",
    "fullText": "This degree symbolizes polarities clashing in order to eventually reunite [1]. The experience of these forces pulling against each other is intense and defining, driving the native to bring them back together [1]. The journey requires mediating between strict discrimination and total release, walking a collective karmic edge where both tradition and innovation must be honored [1]. Though monumental, this work of bridging opposites is ultimately redemptive, opening doors to wholeness through conviction, affinity, and surrender to the inevitable [1]."
  },
{
  "capricorn_12": {
    "title": "Capricorn 12",
    "summary": "A highly observant, retentive mind capable of profound scientific or natural study, though prone to cunning or secrecy.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to an incredibly retentive, observant mind capable of deep study into nature and hidden mysteries. The native may possess a phenomenal memory and an aptitude for research or teaching. However, there is a distinct warning against cunning, predatory behavior, or relying on secret craftiness to achieve one's goals. By channeling their profound intellectual gifts toward uncovering truth rather than manipulating others, they can achieve significant and lasting success in their chosen field."
  },
  "capricorn_13": {
    "title": "Capricorn 13",
    "summary": "A formidable, adventurous, and potentially severe character driven by lofty ambitions and a desire for absolute truth.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with an adventurous, fiery, and deeply contemplative spirit, this individual is driven to explore new frontiers or unearth ancient wisdom. They are immensely capable, often acting as a self-made leader who never shuns a hazard. Yet, this degree carries a warning of severity or harshness; the native can be extremely demanding, critical, or even ruthlessly aggressive. To achieve their highest potential, they must balance their immense drive for conquest with genuine spiritual reflection and compassion."
  },
  "capricorn_14": {
    "title": "Capricorn 14",
    "summary": "A highly critical, sharp intellect that excels at uncovering hidden facts but frequently encounters intense dissatisfaction.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a piercing, inquisitive, and highly analytical mind that naturally dissects existing structures and beliefs. While they make excellent researchers, statisticians, or critics capable of bringing important truths to light, their relentless fault-finding can generate deep dissatisfaction and social friction. They must consciously cultivate emotional stability and avoid becoming overly negative or combative, using their sharp intellect to refine and improve their environment rather than simply tearing it down."
  },
  "capricorn_15": {
    "title": "Capricorn 15",
    "summary": "A deeply devoted, hardworking soul who seeks to comfort others but often faces a solitary struggle with heavy burdens.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a profound capacity for devotion, self-sacrifice, and an interest in the welfare of others, the native frequently assumes heavy responsibilities. They are drawn to nurturing, healing, or exploring the deeper mysteries of science and human existence. Unfortunately, this path is often a lonely one marked by a lack of recognition, sudden setbacks, or feeling overwhelmed by worldly struggles. True fulfillment comes when they maintain their high ideals and continue to offer comfort to mankind, regardless of personal reward."
  },
  "capricorn_16": {
    "title": "Capricorn 16",
    "summary": "A sensitive, socially active, and youthful spirit that must guard against becoming overly passive or indulgent.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a focus on youth, physical conditioning, and social interaction, often manifesting as a desire to remain youthful or engage deeply with community activities. While the native may possess an easygoing, sympathetic nature, they are frequently too soft to confront the harsh difficulties of the world directly. There is a distinct danger of slipping into self-indulgence or relying entirely on passive resistance. They must actively build inner resilience to protect their gentle ideals from outside corruption."
  },
  "capricorn_17": {
    "title": "Capricorn 17",
    "summary": "A highly adaptable but intensely secretive character whose multifaceted nature easily defies simple categorization.",
    "fullText": "This is a complex, enigmatic degree that produces a profound mixture of seemingly contradictory traits. The native is often deeply secretive, capable of immense fidelity, yet fiercely protective of their private, unmasked self. They possess a shrewd, analytical intellect and are capable of dramatic transformations, seamlessly adapting to a wide variety of roles. To avoid the pitfalls of severe social friction or inner isolation, they must ensure their secretive tendencies do not devolve into untrustworthiness or destructive hidden motives."
  },
  "capricorn_18": {
    "title": "Capricorn 18",
    "summary": "A courageous, competitive, and highly intense nature forced to navigate severe external conflicts and personal limitations.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents a life marked by intense striving, competition, and frequent confrontations with external hardships. The native possesses an aggressive, unyielding fighting spirit and is often drawn to situations involving high risk, physical exertion, or dramatic shifts in fortune. While capable of enduring massive storms and maintaining their dignity, they must be extremely wary of being drawn into unnecessary disputes, gambling, or destructive anger, which constantly threaten their foundation."
  },
  "capricorn_19": {
    "title": "Capricorn 19",
    "summary": "An incredibly determined, self-reliant individual who tackles heavy, practical burdens with unwavering stubbornness.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with immense physical and mental endurance, this individual is fully prepared to shoulder significant responsibilities and extract value from the most difficult circumstances. They are fiercely independent, resourceful, and hold tight to their convictions, making them a formidable force in any professional or political arena. However, this profound stubbornness can lead to isolation if they refuse to adapt. True success requires balancing their relentless drive for material or social achievement with a degree of emotional flexibility."
  },
  "capricorn_20": {
    "title": "Capricorn 20",
    "summary": "A spiritually luminous, deeply intuitive, and highly versatile character who acts as a unifying force in the midst of worldly darkness.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a highly receptive, intuitive, and spiritually guided nature that brings light, harmony, and deeper meaning to their surroundings. Possessing excellent powers of adaptation, they often find success in collaborative, artistic, or public-facing roles where they can connect with others. While they are a beacon of inspiration, a tendency toward superficial vanity, mimicry, or extreme restlessness must be carefully managed to ensure their brilliant inner light leads to lasting, substantial accomplishments."
  },
  "capricorn_21": {
    "title": "Capricorn 21",
    "summary": "A deeply studious, intuitive, and dynamic mind drawn to ancient wisdom, science, and the profound mysteries of human existence.",
    "fullText": "Possessing both a collaborative and reformative spirit, the native is capable of groundbreaking discoveries and frequently establishes entirely new schools of thought. They wield a magnetic, sometimes romantic presence, but must strictly avoid the pitfalls of hypersensitivity or emotional escapism. By grounding their extensive esoteric or scientific investigations through methodical research and embracing the value of healthy competition, they can orchestrate sweeping societal changes. They successfully bridge traditional knowledge with modern necessity, acting as an enlightened guide for their community."
  },
  "capricorn_22": {
    "title": "Capricorn 22",
    "summary": "A resolute, hardworking, and exceptionally determined character capable of arduous labor and enduring significant obstacles.",
    "fullText": "Driven by a desire to uplift others and build a solid foundation, they achieve ultimate success by gracefully learning from both victory and defeat. Endowed with immense physical and mental endurance, they never shy away from heavy lifting or difficult projects. However, this profound stubbornness and intense ambition must be carefully channeled to avoid ruthlessness. By steadily charting a path toward renewal and maintaining a philosophical view of life’s battles, they carve out an indelible, well-earned legacy of strength and protection."
  },
  "capricorn_23": {
    "title": "Capricorn 23",
    "summary": "An intelligent, genial, and highly passionate nature that experiences life with intense enthusiasm and sociability.",
    "fullText": "While capable of great bravery and achieving societal rewards, there is a pronounced danger of extravagance, self-indulgence, and reckless romantic entanglements. The native is frequently tempted to overextend their resources or succumb to a lack of emotional control. To prevent sudden reversals of fortune or the loss of hard-earned achievements, they must actively cultivate strict moderation. When their fierce inner drive is disciplined and directed toward constructive goals, they can balance their love of comfort with remarkable acts of heroism and profound philosophical depth."
  },
  "capricorn_24": {
    "title": "Capricorn 24",
    "summary": "A steadfast, highly practical, and profoundly sincere soul who naturally protects and organizes their environment.",
    "fullText": "Often feeling like a child of destiny, they are drawn to transcendent goals and deep spiritual commitments. They rely on an orderly mind and steadfast faith to miraculously escape impending dangers and achieve enduring usefulness. Bounding with an inner drive to confront the illusions of the world, they excel at distilling complex problems down to their simplest truths. Whether dedicated to rigorous scientific mastery or a secluded religious calling, their unwavering sincerity and unassuming nature grant them ultimate victory over deceit and adversity."
  },
  "capricorn_25": {
    "title": "Capricorn 25",
    "summary": "A charming, socially adept, and highly expansive character who is deeply drawn to the comforts, arts, and luxuries of life.",
    "fullText": "While they often possess a magnetic ability to attract good fortune, wealthy partners, or influential positions, a tendency toward superficiality and vanity leaves them highly vulnerable to sudden reversals. They frequently seek to reap where others have sown, preferring a lighthearted, ephemeral existence over sustained, heavy labor. To avoid an untimely collapse of their ambitions or falling prey to hidden enemies, they must ground their vivid imagination and cultivate genuine substance, transforming idle pleasure-seeking into constructive, creative expression."
  },
  "capricorn_26": {
    "title": "Capricorn 26",
    "summary": "A deeply compassionate, nature-loving, and fiercely independent spirit who possesses a tranquil exterior but harbors immense inner strength.",
    "fullText": "Driven by a profound desire to protect the vulnerable and explore the world, they thrive in open, natural environments. However, they must consciously balance their free-spirited, somewhat escapist tendencies with grounded, constructive action. A rich, luxuriant imagination allows them to adapt to nearly any circumstance, yet unbridled impulses or a desire to avoid conflict entirely can lead to aimlessness. By harnessing their potent emotional reservoirs and maintaining strict self-discipline, they can emerge as an unshakable, irresistible force for humanitarian good."
  },
  "capricorn_27": {
    "title": "Capricorn 27",
    "summary": "A rugged, introspective, and highly authentic nature that eschews societal superficialities in favor of quiet, natural simplicity.",
    "fullText": "Often presenting a gruff exterior that masks a deeply contemplative, kind, and devoted heart, they are capable of a slow, dedicated ascent toward spiritual or practical mastery. Finding their greatest joy in peaceful, rustic environments, they prefer to work steadily outside the limelight. However, they must guard against becoming overly isolated or cynically misanthropic. Through their enduring patience and unpretentious wisdom, they act as a stabilizing pillar, offering profound insight and healing to those who seek their uniquely grounded perspective."
  },
  "capricorn_28": {
    "title": "Capricorn 28",
    "summary": "An incredibly vigorous, precise, and capable intellect burdened by heavy responsibilities but equipped with the exactitude to succeed.",
    "fullText": "Whether acting as a steadfast guide, exploring scientific frontiers, or achieving massive organizational goals, they possess an unwavering focus. This profound concentration allows them to effortlessly ignore petty detractors and carry immense, world-shaping burdens to completion. While they may amass significant wealth or wield considerable authority, they often feel the overwhelming weight of their duties. To avoid physical or emotional exhaustion, they must learn to balance their immense structural ambitions with an appreciation for lighter, spiritual joys and simple recreations."
  },
  "capricorn_29": {
    "title": "Capricorn 29",
    "summary": "A profoundly contemplative, deeply intuitive, and philosophical soul who draws immense wisdom from the quiet observation of nature and the hidden meanings of life.",
    "fullText": "Prone to melancholy or a solitary existence, their capacity to decipher life's subtle signatures and bridge the wisdom of the past with the present makes them an enlightened guide. Rather than seeking out the aggressive competition of the world, they find lasting peace in silent communion with universal laws. Although highly visionary and poetic, they must be careful to avoid sinking into fatalistic gloom, using their clairvoyant insights to mend broken chains and inspire others."
  },
  "capricorn_30": {
    "title": "Capricorn 30",
    "summary": "A dynamic, highly ambitious, and commanding force driven to achieve the highest echelons of executive power and societal influence.",
    "fullText": "While possessing a lightning-fast intellect and the capacity for immense concentration, a restless, meteoric impulsiveness creates a persistent danger of sudden ascents followed by equally sudden downfalls. This forceful, arrow-like trajectory demands absolute self-mastery to avoid crashing under the weight of excessive pride or the hostility of powerful rivals. When they learn to balance their raw executive determination with mature, collaborative discussion, they can solidify their prestige and exert a monumental, lasting impact on world affairs."
  },
  "aquarius_1": {
    "title": "Aquarius 1",
    "summary": "A bold, pioneering, and visionary intellect capable of great humanitarian or scientific works.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a highly independent, imaginative, and pioneering intellect with a strong aptitude for science, invention, or humanitarian leadership. Possessing the power to see the broader picture, the native strives to manifest fresh, original ideas that can endure long beyond their own lifetime. However, they must actively work to ground their lofty visions in reality, as a tendency to remain aloof or lost in unpractical dreams can easily lead to wasted potential and missed opportunities."
  },
  "aquarius_2": {
    "title": "Aquarius 2",
    "summary": "A brilliant, highly independent mind that faces sudden crises but possesses the inner fortitude to overcome them.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an exceptionally capable, deeply observant, and highly organized intellect, this individual excels in business, scientific research, or strategic planning. Although generally practical and favored by fortune, they are frequently confronted with unexpected storms, sudden reversals, or profound life shocks. By cultivating an unwavering inner security and avoiding destructive outbursts of temper or isolation, the native utilizes these crises to strip away the unessential, allowing them to rebuild on a more solid, enlightened foundation."
  },
  "aquarius_3": {
    "title": "Aquarius 3",
    "summary": "A resilient, deeply perceptive spirit that embraces profound personal transformation by forging its own unique path.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a resilient, courageous, and highly intuitive individual who is frequently drawn to the unusual, the natural world, or the metaphysical. Experiencing deep internal shifts, the native often feels compelled to utterly repudiate restrictive societal norms or old allegiances to find their true self. Despite enduring severe physical or emotional shocks and periods of intense isolation, their steadfast spiritual faith and unyielding perseverance guarantee that they will eventually reach a luminous, hard-won inner freedom."
  },
  "aquarius_4": {
    "title": "Aquarius 4",
    "summary": "A highly sensitive, idealistic, and creative nature equipped with a profound capacity for spiritual or physical healing.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with an exceptionally refined, poetic, and compassionate mind, this individual possesses a unique ability to focus spiritual energy into practical healing and relief for others. They are wonderfully sociable but highly eccentric wanderers, effortlessly drawing friends and admirers to their vibrant warmth. To fulfill their destiny of bringing peace and illumination to the distressed, they must carefully guard against the traps of frivolity, vanity, or becoming overly distracted by their own sensual desires."
  },
  "aquarius_5": {
    "title": "Aquarius 5",
    "summary": "A noble, intellectually shrewd leader who draws upon deep ancestral wisdom to achieve enduring success.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to an ardent, independent, and intensely idealistic leader who never shrinks from a challenge. Armed with an insightful intellect and immense foundational strength drawn from tradition or ancestral roots, they confidently step forward in times of crisis. While highly capable of bringing lofty goals to fruition, they must actively moderate an innate tendency toward obstinacy, overconfidence, and reckless risk-taking to prevent spectacular miscalculations and secure their desired honors."
  },
  "aquarius_6": {
    "title": "Aquarius 6",
    "summary": "An inventive, highly analytical mind that excels at performing public, ritualistic, or deeply altruistic roles.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an exceptionally sharp, critical, and inventive intellect, the native is a passionate progressive who loves experimental concepts and universal truths. They are deeply drawn to acting as a focal point for collective energies, often expressing their profound ideals through dramatic, ritualistic, or public-facing avenues. However, to avoid engaging in endless, destructive arguments or alienating their supporters, they must channel their fierce communicative power toward genuine, compassionate service rather than merely asserting intellectual dominance."
  },
  "aquarius_7": {
    "title": "Aquarius 7",
    "summary": "A tactful, highly perceptive character who carries the promise of new, progressive beginnings and universal understanding.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a wonderfully complex, deeply intuitive, and courteous individual whose actions herald the emergence of fresh, global perspectives. Endowed with a tranquil disposition and a remarkable ability to read human nature, they successfully balance profound spiritual insights with practical earthly matters. By avoiding the temptation to retreat into isolated vulnerability, they are able to utilize their broad-minded vision to orchestrate meaningful social changes and introduce entirely new paradigms to their community."
  },
  "aquarius_8": {
    "title": "Aquarius 8",
    "summary": "A magnetic, forceful personality who frequently battles self-imposed limitations to act as an inspirational exemplar.",
    "fullText": "Marked by an intense, highly determined, and somewhat dogmatic nature, this individual frequently feels constrained by their circumstances, environment, or their own rigid habits. Driven by a martial vigor and a thirst for profound liberation, they possess the courage to break free from these physical or mental prisons. Once liberated, their refined wisdom and exemplary actions serve as a brilliant, guiding archetype for others, attracting widespread respect and demonstrating the true power of human resilience."
  },
  "aquarius_9": {
    "title": "Aquarius 9",
    "summary": "An energetic, deeply idealistic visionary capable of turning abstract concepts into powerful, world-altering realities.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a remarkably alert, optimistic, and fearless intellect that is constantly searching for absolute truth and universal principles. The native possesses the rare, dynamic ability to perfectly embody a great ideal, essentially turning a symbolic vision into a living, breathing force for change. While highly successful in business and social reforms, they must exercise careful, mature judgment to prevent their fast-paced, impulsive energy from causing destructive physical or emotional accidents."
  },
  "aquarius_10": {
    "title": "Aquarius 10",
    "summary": "An assertive, responsible individual who must learn to separate their authentic self from the fleeting ideals projected by society.",
    "fullText": "Here is a highly observant, pragmatic, and serious character who approaches life with a universal perspective and a desire to solve problems from unique angles. Because they easily capture the public's imagination, they frequently find themselves thrust into the spotlight as the embodiment of a popular ideal or movement. The critical lesson of their life involves realizing that this fleeting celebrity is an illusion; they must consciously strive to maintain their own genuine, personal integrity amidst the swirling projections of the crowd."
  },
  "aquarius_11": {
    "title": "Aquarius 11",
    "summary": "A dynamic, inventive intellect capable of receiving profound inspiration and creating lasting works. However, the native must guard against reckless forcefulness, ephemeral popularity, or yielding to darker, self-destructive impulses that scatter their potential.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a dynamic, inventive intellect capable of receiving sudden, profound inspiration that can radically change the course of their life [1, 2]. The native is frequently drawn to progressive or humanitarian movements, seeking to create lasting works that elevate society [1, 3]. However, there is a pronounced danger of becoming entangled in reckless forcefulness or blindly rushing into unforeseen hazards [4, 5]. They must actively guard against the temptation to pursue cheap, ephemeral popularity or to yield to darker, self-destructive impulses that merely scatter their potential [2, 6, 7]. By anchoring their lofty ideals in strict moral discipline, they can achieve brilliant, enduring success [3, 8]."
  },
  "aquarius_12": {
    "title": "Aquarius 12",
    "summary": "A deeply sensitive, idealistic, and reform-oriented nature with a profound understanding of human evolution. The individual must consciously avoid retreating into cynical secrecy or unsympathetic isolation when disappointed by reality.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a deeply sensitive, idealistic, and reform-oriented disposition, this individual possesses a profound, almost evolutionary understanding of human development [8, 9]. They are naturally inclined to act as a healer or instructor, guiding others upward while remaining grounded in their own spiritual values [9, 10]. Endowed with a poetic imagination and broad sympathies, they often dedicate themselves to public service [8, 10]. However, because they are so acutely aware of the disparities in the world, they run the risk of becoming severely disillusioned [5, 9]. They must consciously fight the urge to retreat into cynical secrecy, unsympathetic isolation, or paralyzing doubt when faced with society's harsh realities [6, 8]."
  },
  "aquarius_13": {
    "title": "Aquarius 13",
    "summary": "A highly perceptive, inquisitive, and objective mind equipped to read the subtle signs of nature and society. To find true stability, they must balance their forward-looking drive with an appreciation for everyday harmony.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a highly perceptive, inquisitive, and objective intellect uniquely equipped to read the subtle signs of nature and society [8, 11]. The native possesses an uncanny ability to anticipate future trends and uncover basic natural facts, allowing them to plan their actions with remarkable precision [11]. Often feeling propelled forward into the unknown, they may completely sever ties with their past to forge a radically independent path [12]. While this grants them profound occult or scientific discernment, they must consciously balance their relentless, forward-looking drive with an appreciation for conventional, everyday domestic harmony to prevent becoming dangerously unmoored [6, 13]."
  },
  "aquarius_14": {
    "title": "Aquarius 14",
    "summary": "A multifaceted, restless intellect that frequently attempts to manage too many projects simultaneously. By finding a singular focus, they can bypass profound obstacles and achieve their ambitious goals.",
    "fullText": "Here is a multifaceted, highly active, and restless intellect that frequently attempts to manage too many projects or philosophies simultaneously [14]. The native is drawn to deep psychological exploration, often feeling compelled to dive into the darkest, most hidden aspects of human nature to clear away collective blind spots [15]. While their resourcefulness allows them to bypass traditional obstacles and forge new connections, their dispersed energies can easily lead to significant anxiety, nervous exhaustion, or physical mishaps [14, 16]. To achieve their ambitious goals safely, they must cultivate a singular, steady focus and rely on a grounded, domestic base for necessary emotional support [17]."
  },
  "aquarius_15": {
    "title": "Aquarius 15",
    "summary": "A cosmopolitan, adventurous, and highly communicative spirit guided by unshakeable faith and broad sympathies. They easily attract affluence but must remain adaptable to avoid becoming rigidly trapped within their own self-created personas.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes a cosmopolitan, adventurous, and highly communicative spirit guided by an unshakeable inner faith [18, 19]. Possessing a natural flair for leadership and a profound appreciation for life's beauties, the native easily attracts loyal friends, affluence, and public recognition [17, 18]. They are frequently drawn to travel, literature, or exploring the unknown, spreading a contagious optimism wherever they go [17, 18]. The primary challenge of this degree is a tendency to become too fixed or self-consistent [20]. To maintain their vibrant momentum, they must remain emotionally adaptable and actively resist becoming rigidly trapped within their own repetitive habits or carefully constructed public personas [20]."
  },
  "aquarius_16": {
    "title": "Aquarius 16",
    "summary": "A robust, commanding, and highly organized character who excels at managing large-scale enterprises or complex technical combinations. They must ensure their intense drive for objective results does not eclipse their compassion.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a robust, commanding, and highly organized nature, this individual excels at managing large-scale enterprises, complex systems, or intricate technical combinations [21, 22]. Driven by a fiery inspiration and an unyielding desire to be of practical use, they possess the intellectual exactitude required to forge significant worldly achievements [22, 23]. Whether operating in business, law, or science, their approach is highly rational and focused on tangible proof [17, 22]. However, they must be extremely careful that their intense drive for objective, practical results does not eclipse their underlying humanity, lest they invite chaotic, unmanageable life storms or suffer from an emotionally barren existence [22, 24]."
  },
  "aquarius_17": {
    "title": "Aquarius 17",
    "summary": "A fiercely independent, highly protective, and somewhat eccentric nature that guards its autonomy and resources with unwavering vigilance. They must consciously cultivate warmth to avoid a life of lonely defense.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a fiercely independent, highly protective, and somewhat eccentric nature that guards its personal autonomy and resources with unwavering vigilance [2, 25, 26]. The native possesses a profound connection to ancient wisdom, sharp analytical skills, and the quiet resilience to stand alone against popular opinion [26, 27]. While they can achieve immense success in investigative or highly specialized fields, a pronounced tendency toward misanthropy, extreme stubbornness, or paranoid suspicion threatens to isolate them completely [25, 26, 28]. To fulfill their highest potential and find lasting happiness, they must consciously cultivate warmth, open-mindedness, and a willingness to share their unique insights with the broader community [25, 27]."
  },
  "aquarius_18": {
    "title": "Aquarius 18",
    "summary": "A deeply analytical and complex personality forced to navigate severe early struggles or tests of character. By embracing absolute honesty, they can successfully transition from hardship into a brightly illuminated path.",
    "fullText": "This individual exhibits a deeply analytical, complex, and highly independent personality forced to navigate severe early struggles and intense tests of character [27, 29]. Often harboring hidden motives, engaging in unconventional tactics, or masking their true vulnerability behind a stoic facade, they inevitably face a public unmasking or a profound personal reckoning [30, 31]. Their path is a dramatic journey from barren hardship toward ultimate liberation [29]. By releasing defensive suspicions, avoiding destructive emotional entanglements, and embracing absolute honesty, they can successfully utilize their brilliant strategic mind to transition into a brightly illuminated, successful, and highly influential life [28-30]."
  },
  "aquarius_19": {
    "title": "Aquarius 19",
    "summary": "An indomitable, observant, and sedate intellect capable of enduring massive shifts in fortune or collective upheavals. Relying on precise calculation, they achieve their greatest successes in the second half of life.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies an indomitable, highly observant, and surprisingly sedate intellect capable of enduring massive shifts in fortune and collective upheavals [32, 33]. The native frequently battles overwhelming emotional or situational 'fires,' yet possesses the supreme inner resilience and objective dispassion to quench them and restore order [32, 34]. Rather than acting on rash impulse, they rely on precise calculation, deep psychological insight, and a graceful method of expressing their thoughts [33, 35]. By tracking the broader shifts in society and applying their focused energy constructively, they consistently achieve their greatest, most enduring successes and public recognition in the second half of their life [32, 35]."
  },
  "aquarius_20": {
    "title": "Aquarius 20",
    "summary": "A charismatic, deeply intuitive, and profoundly gifted individual who serves as a subtle, spiritual connector for humanity. By remaining an open vessel for higher inspiration, they easily attract ultimate success.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with immense patience and a rugged ability to endure, this individual is a charismatic, deeply intuitive, and profoundly gifted soul who often serves as a subtle, spiritual messenger for humanity [33, 36, 37]. They approach life's most formidable challenges with an unwavering, almost mystical faith and unique, highly refined talents in music, art, or science [37-39]. Operating as a quiet but incredibly powerful connecting force, their inward intention counts far more than superficial outward displays [37]. By remaining a selfless, open vessel for higher inspiration and resisting the urge toward dictatorial pride, they naturally attract lasting success, longevity, and widespread respect [36, 37, 39]."
  },
  "aquarius_21": {
    "title": "Aquarius 21",
    "summary": "A picture of emotional disappointment and inner turmoil that demands immense resilience and self-mastery to overcome.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a character forced to confront emotional disillusionment, dashed hopes, or seemingly empty circumstances [1]. If passions run unchecked, the native may face sudden reversals or be drawn into violent, destructive outbursts [2, 3]. However, by courageously accepting their trials without succumbing to despair or vengeance, they can develop profound inner strength [1]. Transforming their past hurts into a renewed, compassionate capacity to guide and protect others allows them to find deep, lasting fulfillment beyond superficial expectations [4]."
  },
  "aquarius_22": {
    "title": "Aquarius 22",
    "summary": "A highly industrious, diligent nature that finds deep satisfaction in teamwork, quiet craftsmanship, or providing comfort for others.",
    "fullText": "This individual thrives on methodical work, mutual aid, and cooperative effort [3]. Rather than seeking the spotlight, they prefer to build a secure foundation through quiet craftsmanship, providing warmth, shelter, and understanding to those around them [5, 6]. They must, however, ensure their carefully constructed creations or hard-earned comforts are safeguarded against sudden, unforeseen hazards or natural disasters [3]. Success comes steadily through a humble, dedicated approach to their chosen tasks [7]."
  },
  "aquarius_23": {
    "title": "Aquarius 23",
    "summary": "A highly intuitive, spiritually or artistically gifted intellect that relies on deep self-discipline to overcome physical or emotional frailties.",
    "fullText": "The native possesses profound powers of self-discipline, often developing unique skills through unconventional training, solitary learning, or arduous life lessons [8, 9]. Though they may bend under the heavy winds of adversity or struggle with a lack of aggressive drive, their gentle resilience allows them to endure [10, 11]. By cultivating their rich literary, artistic, or botanical gifts, they are able to share great wisdom with the world, transforming hardships into beautiful, enduring expressions [11]."
  },
  "aquarius_24": {
    "title": "Aquarius 24",
    "summary": "A complex, passionate character capable of extreme emotional intensity who must conquer their primal desires to achieve wisdom.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a crucial inner battle to tame the deepest, most turbulent desires [12, 13]. Left uncontrolled, these intense feelings can lead to destructive vindictiveness, violent outbursts, or severe social reprimands [14, 15]. By successfully conquering these primal instincts and learning from their most difficult, self-inflicted experiences, the native can transmute their dark passions into profound wisdom [12]. Ultimately, they serve as an inspiring teacher and guide to those walking a similarly troubled path."
  },
  "aquarius_25": {
    "title": "Aquarius 25",
    "summary": "A highly developed, rational mind that risks walking blindly into hidden pitfalls due to intellectual arrogance or lack of grounded experience.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with an exceptionally perceptive and logical intellect, the native often operates ahead of normal evolution, functioning with strict discipline and constraint [16, 17]. However, this heavy reliance on the rational mind creates a dangerous imbalance, causing them to ignore basic instincts or practical realities [16]. They are prone to walking blindly toward disaster due to a lack of holistic awareness [18]. To avoid sudden downfalls, they must seek the guidance of wiser companions and balance their brilliant mental mutations with everyday common sense [19]."
  },
  "aquarius_26": {
    "title": "Aquarius 26",
    "summary": "A sociable, practical, and highly efficient character who excels at analyzing and managing the complex energies of their environment.",
    "fullText": "Whether applying technological skills to solve everyday problems or managing a comfortable, welcoming estate, the native finds joy in serving and connecting with their community [19-21]. They possess a sharp, observant intellect that easily gathers data and understands the mechanisms of the world [20, 22]. They must, however, guard against becoming overly fascinated by the superficial or decaying elements of society, striving instead to maintain a wholesome, productive, and independent existence [22]."
  },
  "aquarius_27": {
    "title": "Aquarius 27",
    "summary": "A refined, sensitive nature that faces a stark choice between disciplined, grounded effort and the dangerous allure of superficial indulgences.",
    "fullText": "This individual is capable of producing enduring beauty and maintaining deep traditional values, possessing an innate delicacy of feeling [23]. Yet, they are highly vulnerable to the destructive traps of gambling, addiction, or lazy escapism [24, 25]. Their success demands strict self-control and a dedication to simple, honest industry [24]. By patiently laying the groundwork for their future and rejecting dissipated habits, they can construct a deeply meaningful, artistically fulfilling life [26]."
  },
  "aquarius_28": {
    "title": "Aquarius 28",
    "summary": "A highly capable, provident, and resilient individual equipped to cut their way through life’s obstacles with incisive skill.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes remarkable powers of execution, attack, and defense [27]. Relying on intelligent foresight to secure essential resources for difficult times, the native achieves honorable success through continuous, well-planned exertion [28, 29]. They hold a sharp, penetrating mind and draw great satisfaction from practical preparation and executing their tasks with precision [27]. Though their path is marked by arduous labor and strict self-discipline, their unyielding efforts guarantee security and distinction [27, 28]."
  },
  "aquarius_29": {
    "title": "Aquarius 29",
    "summary": "A profoundly transformative, ambitious, and commanding character destined to undergo a complete structural renewal of their life and consciousness.",
    "fullText": "Possessing a natural aura of authority, strict integrity, and a desire for grand achievement, the native frequently rises to prominent positions of executive power [30, 31]. Their ultimate success, however, lies in breaking free from old, restrictive patterns and undergoing a total metamorphosis of the soul [32, 33]. Emerging from this critical transition, they embody a highly evolved, enlightened state capable of wielding substantial influence while maintaining absolute inner tranquility [32, 33]."
  },
  "aquarius_30": {
    "title": "Aquarius 30",
    "summary": "A serene, highly intuitive, and holistically minded soul who bridges ancient wisdom with future illumination and universal brotherhood.",
    "fullText": "Experiencing a profound sense of integration and universal connection, the native transcends ordinary limitations, finding beauty and rebirth in the ruins of the past [34, 35]. They rely on a sober, logical judgment fused with a deep, natural leaning toward the occult or spiritual arts [36]. By remaining open to the highest spiritual frequencies and trusting their quiet, inner realizations, they achieve a total, harmonious mastery of their being and help inaugurate new evolutionary cycles [34, 37]."
  },
  "pisces_1": {
    "title": "Pisces 1",
    "summary": "A sociable, generous, and highly adaptable nature characterized by sociability, trade, and a blending of diverse elements.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to a generous, compassionate, and highly adaptable character possessing strong literary or artistic tastes [1, 2]. Imbued with a broad, humanitarian spirit, the native often thrives in crowded or public-facing environments, acting as a unifying force that brings contrary elements into harmony [3-5]. While they benefit from an innate ability to blend seamlessly with their surroundings and easily read the collective mood, they must consciously guard against being overly influenced or losing their individual identity in the crowd [2, 6]. Through maintaining their integrity, they secure lasting success and domestic peace [3]."
  },
  "pisces_2": {
    "title": "Pisces 2",
    "summary": "A highly intuitive, sensitive, and potentially restless spirit that must avoid laziness and speculative hazards to fulfill its high ideals.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an instinctive, highly sensitive, and profoundly intuitive personality often drawn to spiritual or philosophical pursuits [7, 8]. The native is typically sociable and persuasive, possessing a vast imagination and a deeply sympathetic disposition toward those who suffer [7, 9, 10]. However, a marked tendency toward laziness, extreme restlessness, or adopting multiple disguises to evade harsh realities can severely undermine their potential [10-12]. To achieve their lofty ambitions and avoid sudden setbacks or self-inflicted struggles, they must cultivate practical firmness and resist the temptation to rely entirely on luck or the efforts of others [1, 11]."
  },
  "pisces_3": {
    "title": "Pisces 3",
    "summary": "An exceptionally perceptive and original thinker gifted with profound psychic insight, who must remain grounded despite a strong urge to escape into inner worlds.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with extraordinary insight and a naturally magnetic, hospitable disposition, this individual frequently operates as a bridge between the material and the spiritual [1, 13, 14]. They possess a remarkable ability to tap into the collective consciousness, utilizing their highly original, inventive mind to navigate complex or hidden situations successfully [1, 14, 15]. While their deep inner life and understanding of human nature attract both wealth and influential connections, they must actively guard against becoming too scattered, overly secretive, or entirely detached from practical reality [8, 10, 15]."
  },
  "pisces_4": {
    "title": "Pisces 4",
    "summary": "A spiritually attuned, highly capable individual who acts as a resilient beacon of hope amid chaotic or restrictive circumstances.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies an intense, mediumistic, and highly creative nature capable of tremendous self-reliance and practical execution [16-18]. Often finding themselves surrounded by chaotic conditions, external pressures, or narrow, restrictive environments, the native stands firm as a reliable, guiding light for others [19, 20]. They are deeply impressionable and possess an innate ability to absorb the universal life force [20]. To truly master their destiny and avoid being paralyzed by fear or melancholy, they must consistently turn their vision upward and maintain an unwavering faith in their own profound inner strength [19]."
  },
  "pisces_5": {
    "title": "Pisces 5",
    "summary": "A refined, pleasure-loving, and socially engaged character who must carefully balance their high ideals with the dangers of extravagance.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by a warm, generous, and socially expansive disposition, this individual is naturally drawn to the comforts, beauty, and pleasures of life [21-23]. They possess a deep, underlying spiritual or pioneering drive and often succeed by rallying others around a shared vision or charitable cause [18, 21, 24]. However, their profound appreciation for luxury and a tendency to pursue romantic or speculative adventures can easily lead to overextension or sudden reversals of fortune [23, 25, 26]. By anchoring their vivid imagination in practical dedication, they can accomplish great philanthropic and personal goals [24, 27]."
  },
  "pisces_6": {
    "title": "Pisces 6",
    "summary": "A dedicated, highly focused, and formidable nature capable of profound resilience and leadership, particularly in the face of sudden hardships.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to an incredibly steadfast, observant, and resourceful individual who frequently faces significant challenges or the necessity of rebuilding their life after a sudden collapse [28, 29]. Armed with excellent powers of concentration, diplomatic skill, and a fierce, almost martial determination, they are uniquely equipped to conquer adversity and lead others [22, 30, 31]. Although they may sometimes project a proud, detached, or severe exterior, their actions are typically driven by a deep devotion to duty and an unshakeable faith in their ultimate triumph [30, 31]."
  },
  "pisces_7": {
    "title": "Pisces 7",
    "summary": "A deeply reflective, contemplative soul who navigates profound inner conflicts to achieve spiritual clarity and creative mastery.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with exceptional artistic, mystical, or scholarly abilities, the native possesses a highly complex, changeable disposition that oscillates between intense social engagement and cool, distant reservation [22, 32, 33]. They are frequently confronted with profound dualities, experiencing life as an intense struggle between materialism and divine idealism [34, 35]. By cultivating an unwavering inner light and dedicating their immense capacity for concentration to a singular, constructive purpose, they can transcend these spiritual battles and leave a lasting, inspirational mark on the world [22, 33]."
  },
  "pisces_8": {
    "title": "Pisces 8",
    "summary": "A powerful, emotionally resonant, and socially active individual who feels a profound call to awaken others but must avoid overestimating their own capacities.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents a highly intuitive, vocal, and dedicated character driven by a deep sense of responsibility and a desire to rally the community [36-38]. They are deeply sympathetic, possessing a profound connection to the earth and the collective human struggle [37, 39]. While capable of significant practical success and wielding considerable influence over their environment, they face intense trials if they attempt to force outcomes beyond their natural limits [27, 40, 41]. By tempering their ambitious reach with humility and recognizing their true calling, they act as a potent catalyst for collective awakening [37, 40]."
  },
  "pisces_9": {
    "title": "Pisces 9",
    "summary": "A highly sensitive, multifaceted, and adventurous seeker whose intense inner drive propels them toward competitive success or profound transformation.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an extraordinary blend of acute sensitivity, romanticism, and a restless, driving energy, the native frequently embarks upon adventurous or unconventional life paths [42-44]. They are extraordinarily quick to grasp complex concepts and possess a strong, almost fierce ambition to outdistance their rivals and conquer their own inner shadows [36, 45, 46]. While this intense mobilization of energy ensures significant achievement, a susceptibility to emotional extremes, exhaustion, or wandering aimlessly requires strict discipline to keep their formidable talents anchored in reality [42, 43, 46]."
  },
  "pisces_10": {
    "title": "Pisces 10",
    "summary": "A brilliant, fiercely independent, and transcendent intellect that defies constraints to operate powerfully within mental or spiritual realms.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies an immensely capable, fiercely independent, and highly volatile mind that refuses to be bound by ordinary societal constraints [47-49]. The native possesses an almost magical ability to transcend natural limitations, absorbing universal currents and operating effortlessly within elevated philosophical, scientific, or occult domains [50-52]. Despite their profound, overarching vision and deep sympathy for humanity, a tendency toward radical restlessness or detached melancholy can isolate them [36, 49, 51]. True fulfillment is achieved by purposefully grounding their brilliant insights into structured, socially beneficial teaching or leadership [47, 50, 52]."
  },
{
  "pisces_11": {
    "title": "Pisces 11",
    "summary": "A strong desire for liberty and independence combined with a deep, intuitive seeking for truth.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to a strong desire for liberty and independence combined with a deep, intuitive seeking for truth [1, 2]. The individual may appear restless or constrained by ordinary limits, possessing a faithful, protective nature but requiring the freedom to forge their own path toward illumination [1-3]. They must actively guard against anxiety and accept necessary limitations to avoid premature curtailment of their ambitious goals [4]. By maintaining steady focus and relying on their keen alertness, they can successfully navigate their pursuit of deeper knowledge [3]."
  },
  "pisces_12": {
    "title": "Pisces 12",
    "summary": "A highly creative, sensitive, and potentially brilliant mind that faces severe tests of character and dedication.",
    "fullText": "Here is a highly creative, sensitive, and potentially brilliant mind that frequently faces severe tests of character and dedication [3, 5]. The native often wrestles with internal doubts, sudden interruptions in fortune, or the temptation to escape through romantic or artistic diversions [3, 6]. Ultimate success demands passing strict trials of personal responsibility, choosing a singular path, and overcoming the cowardly urge to flee from genuine challenges [5, 7]. If they can remain steadfast, they will ultimately achieve their desired spiritual or mental status [5, 6]."
  },
  "pisces_13": {
    "title": "Pisces 13",
    "summary": "An honest, hardworking, and deeply harmonious character who achieves security through perseverance and drawing upon past experiences.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an honest, hardworking, and deeply harmonious character who achieves security through perseverance and drawing upon past experiences [7, 8]. While they may have fought intense personal or worldly battles in their early life, they eventually find peace and stability by retiring their aggressive defenses and embracing a structured, cooperative existence [9]. They act as a steady, reliable bridge for others, grounded in practical service, natural wisdom, and profound domestic unity [7, 8]."
  },
  "pisces_14": {
    "title": "Pisces 14",
    "summary": "An ambitious, sharp, and highly active intellect driven by a sense of special mission or destiny.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an ambitious, sharp, and highly active intellect, this individual is driven by a deep sense of special mission or destiny [10]. The native possesses great directness and the protective cunning required to navigate hazardous, competitive environments [9, 11]. However, a headstrong, aggressive approach or an excessive reliance on deceptive tactics can easily invite hidden enemies and secret dangers [11]. True success comes from dedicated, honest labor and employing intellectual subtlety as a shielding mechanism rather than an offensive weapon [9, 12]."
  },
  "pisces_15": {
    "title": "Pisces 15",
    "summary": "A deeply devoted, vigilant, and highly protective nature that exercises extreme caution to secure their domain.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies a deeply devoted, vigilant, and highly protective nature that exercises extreme caution to secure their domain [13, 14]. Capable of assuming great responsibility and instructing or defending others, they possess sharp foresight and a profound martial readiness [12, 15]. Yet, an overly nervous or forcefully domineering disposition must be actively moderated to prevent exhausting themselves or alienating the very people they strive to protect [12]. Through patient, enduring industry, they ensure the safety and future of their community or family [13, 14]."
  },
  "pisces_16": {
    "title": "Pisces 16",
    "summary": "A highly creative, sensitive, and sometimes isolated soul who receives profound inspiration but must navigate significant worldly hazards.",
    "fullText": "Here is a highly creative, sensitive, and sometimes isolated soul who receives profound inspiration but must carefully navigate significant worldly hazards [16]. The individual exhibits a daring or independent spirit that risks sudden, catastrophic collapse or social alienation if they become too disconnected from their community [17, 18]. They must consciously anchor their visionary ideals in practical reality and cultivate supportive associations to avoid tragic downfalls, misanthropic isolation, or self-destructive pessimism [14]. When balanced, their powerful inner life allows them to achieve great renown [18]."
  },
  "pisces_17": {
    "title": "Pisces 17",
    "summary": "A bold, magnetic, and highly energetic character driven by a desire for grand achievement and public renewal.",
    "fullText": "This degree bestows a bold, magnetic, and highly energetic character driven by a desire for grand achievement and public renewal [16, 19]. Though capable of inspiring others and embracing joyous rebirth, an impulsive, headstrong, and reckless streak frequently invites severe setbacks or sudden hazards [20, 21]. To prevent their ambitious leaps from ending in catastrophic falls, they must exercise careful forethought, control their combative passions, and establish a secure, balanced foundation [20, 21]."
  },
  "pisces_18": {
    "title": "Pisces 18",
    "summary": "An intense, incisive, and powerfully persuasive individual equipped with a sharp intellect and a talent for dramatic influence.",
    "fullText": "Endowed with an intense, incisive, and powerfully persuasive nature, this individual is equipped with a sharp intellect and a talent for dramatic influence [22, 23]. However, this combative and highly assertive disposition constantly risks becoming entangled in destructive disputes, litigation, or deceitful traps [19, 22]. To avoid being victimized by their own aggressive instincts or the machinations of secret enemies, they must channel their fierce energies toward constructive, spiritual upliftment rather than worldly contention [19]. If they maintain their faith, they can overcome significant adversity [24]."
  },
  "pisces_19": {
    "title": "Pisces 19",
    "summary": "A deeply receptive, philosophically inclined, and spiritually hungry mind that seeks profound knowledge and the transmission of eternal truths.",
    "fullText": "This degree represents a deeply receptive, philosophically inclined, and spiritually hungry mind that seeks profound knowledge and the transmission of eternal truths [16]. Despite this high calling, the native often struggles with severe indecision, scattered energies, and an overly active imagination that leads to physical or emotional exhaustion [25, 26]. Ultimate success and healing require replacing their restless, wandering tendencies with unyielding faith, concentrated study, and dedication to a singular, purposeful path [24, 26]."
  },
  "pisces_20": {
    "title": "Pisces 20",
    "summary": "A highly sensitive, artistic, and emotionally responsive personality deeply attuned to providing comfort, nourishment, and entertainment to others.",
    "fullText": "Possessing a highly sensitive, artistic, and emotionally responsive personality, this individual is deeply attuned to providing comfort, nourishment, and entertainment to others [27, 28]. Equipped with a rapid, intuitive intellect, they frequently attract abundance and social harmony [29]. Yet, a pronounced vulnerability to drifting aimlessly, erratic mood swings, or indulging in dark, fatalistic imaginations constantly threatens their stability [29, 30]. By anchoring their creative and hospitable gifts to practical routines, they can find profound, enduring fulfillment [28]."
  },
{
  "pisces_21": {
    "title": "Pisces 21",
    "summary": "A primal, superphysical, and emotional soul who easily taps into trance-like or magical states, feeling deeply connected to collective energies.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to an individual deeply at home in psychic realms and trance states, easily abandoning themselves to the sweep of the moment [1]. Highly emotional, mediumistic, and charged with an intense life-force, they are expectant of unknown miracles or tragedies breaking through [1]. Their path may be somewhat fateful, wildly fluctuating between being completely absent and powerfully resurgent [1]. Ultimately, they are energized by extraordinary events and act as an instinctive, primal channel for deeper cosmic currents [1]."
  },
  "pisces_22": {
    "title": "Pisces 22",
    "summary": "A bearer of new mandates or revelations who must carefully integrate their profound spiritual insights into practical, everyday existence.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a character tasked with bringing down clear realizations from great 'peak experiences' to the level of everyday existence [2, 3]. Acting as a messenger for new laws or divine revelations, they must carefully translate these mandates into functional reality without succumbing to the temptation of using their message for personal gain [3, 4]. By ensuring their new codes resonate with inner truth and pure intentions, they can deeply inspire others and catalyze a shared spiritual rebirth [4]."
  },
  "pisces_23": {
    "title": "Pisces 23",
    "summary": "A deeply focused and potentially 'materializing' individual capable of substantiating their conscious ideals by giving intensely of their own vital energy.",
    "fullText": "Characterized by an ability to substantiate inner desires and conscious ideals, this individual gives of their very life force to manifest their visions [5, 6]. They possess a great passion for uncovering the ultimate realities of existence, often relying on focused inner magic to look past superficial appearances [7]. However, they must guard against extreme fanaticism or the shadowy pitfall of using their abilities for deception [6, 7]. Constructively, they are capable of channeling profound energy to bring deeply held spiritual truths into physical reality [6]."
  },
  "pisces_24": {
    "title": "Pisces 24",
    "summary": "A socially cohesive, adaptive character who seeks out community, finding happiness and fulfillment within a concentrated or isolated environment.",
    "fullText": "This degree signifies an individual who understands the necessity of accepting personal limitations to live a centered, fulfilled life [8]. Often operating within a small, tight-knit community or isolated environment, they are capable of carving out their own unique world of happiness [9]. Through necessary compromises and a focus on harmonious community relations, they sustain deep joy and communal connection despite external vastness or chaotic worldly pressures [9]. They prove that profound meaning is found not in endless expansion, but in shared intimacy [8, 9]."
  },
  "pisces_25": {
    "title": "Pisces 25",
    "summary": "A deeply resilient nature dedicated to inner purification, possessing the spiritual power to overcome corrupting influences and materialized ideals.",
    "fullText": "Representing the power of the soul to intervene and induce necessary catharsis, this individual works to overcome perverted practices or corrupting influences in their environment [10]. They undergo a profound process of spiritual and personal purification, clearing away negative elements to reestablish true ideals [10]. Their path ultimately guarantees a triumph over negativity and the restoration of higher values, proving that even the most corrupted situations can be redeemed through strict inner integrity [10]."
  },
  "pisces_26": {
    "title": "Pisces 26",
    "summary": "A highly observant, forward-looking mind that recognizes the precise moment to launch new projects, guided by individualized responses to life's challenges.",
    "fullText": "This degree denotes an acute appreciation for perfect timing and individualized responses when facing life’s challenges [10]. As one cycle ends and another barely begins, the native recognizes that the moment has arrived to confidently move ahead with their unique projects [10]. They operate at the brink of new transitions, tapping into subtle environmental cues to successfully launch their endeavors [10, 11]. By staying incredibly attuned to the subtle shifts in their world, they execute their ambitions with precision [10]."
  },
  "pisces_27": {
    "title": "Pisces 27",
    "summary": "A highly energized and productive individual who enjoys the abundance of their efforts but must maintain discipline to fully harvest their rewards.",
    "fullText": "This degree highlights a time of immense fertility, high energy, and the abundant harvesting of long-cultivated efforts [12]. While there are strong feelings of culmination and the opportunity to celebrate with loved ones, the native must not let their guard down [12]. True success requires maintaining strict self-discipline to actually finish the work at hand, lest the fruits of their hard labor go to waste or rot [12]. Balanced celebration and sustained focus yield magnificent, nourishing returns [12]."
  },
  "pisces_28": {
    "title": "Pisces 28",
    "summary": "A profoundly satisfied, emotionally rich character who reaps the bountiful rewards of their labor and enjoys the fullness of existence.",
    "fullText": "This degree points to the full satisfaction of an individual's basic needs and the ecstatic enjoyment of life's bounties [13]. Operating at the peak of emotional and creative fertility, they find themselves in a situation brimming with rewards and opportunities for new life [14]. By maintaining equilibrium during these intense, high-water marks of polarity, they can fully enjoy their harvest before the cycle inevitably wanes [14]. They represent the beautiful culmination of earthly growth and spiritual contentment [13, 14]."
  },
  "pisces_29": {
    "title": "Pisces 29",
    "summary": "A scintillating, deeply disciplined performer or observer who seeks absolute perfection and multi-dimensional fluency in the dance of life.",
    "fullText": "This degree describes a scintillating, highly disciplined nature that relentlessly pursues the perfection of the earthly dance [15]. Granted the unique ability to recognize the fulfilled archetype in any situation, the native may put themselves through rigorous trials and remedial training to embody that ideal [15]. Through intense self-witnessing and constraint, they achieve a spectacular, master-level capacity for reinvention and authentic expression [15]. They prove that mastery is born of absolute, unwavering submission to one's craft [15]."
  },
  "pisces_30": {
    "title": "Pisces 30",
    "summary": "A visionary soul possessing the extraordinary power to literally mold their life and destiny according to their most deeply held, visualized ideals.",
    "fullText": "As the culminating degree of the entire zodiac, this represents the profound power of clearly visualized ideals to mold the life of the visualizer [16, 17]. Through immense focus, the native's emotions and will are poured into a mental image, slowly transforming them into the very greatness they admire [18]. They carry the latent seed-power of a new beginning, proving that one's ultimate destiny is shaped entirely by their highest spiritual aspirations before stepping off the edge into a completely new cycle [18]."
  }
}
